“WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?” Brittany asked.
Hannah shrugged.
   “Was she upset by all the teasing?” I asked. “It was getting kind of graphic and she’s pretty shy.”
   “Maybe,” Sam said, frowning. “Wait, don’t the Winthrops practice Purity?”
   I honestly was looking forward to when I could spend at least one day without asking someone to explain a thing everyone in the school already knew about. Today was not that day.
“What’s Purity?” I asked.
“It’s, um, a traditional thing,” Brittany said. “That didn’t help.”
   “Okay, so, you know how I said next semester we get to go into town?” Sam asked. “And how a lot of the girls will meet guys from the mundane college and … gather a few wild oats, so to speak?”
I nodded.
   “The Winthrops … don’t. They go to their covens pure — pure in spirit, pure in thought, and pure in deed, they say.”
“Oh … wait, she can’t even think about it?”
   “Nope,” Hannah said. “Not even a little tending of their secret garden. I don’t know how they —”
   She broke off and stared at me, eyes wide and I could see a line of bright red rise up her neck to her face like a thermometer. I think she’d forgotten I was a guy for a minute and was now embarrassed — as was I, because now I was sitting with three hot girls thinking about them “tending their secret gardens”.
I hate magic school.
   “I’ll go see if she’s okay,” Sam said, standing, but with the way she and Rachel had been acting, I didn’t know if that was a good idea.
“No, I think I’ll go check on her,” I said, standing as well.
   “I should go, she needs comforting,” Sam said. “You’re — well, if she does have a crush on you, you being there isn’t exactly going to get her mind out of the garden.”
“Rachel has a crush on Noah?” Brittany asked.
   “You were one of the ones with all the sexy talk,” I told Sam, standing and gathering up Rachel’s lunch so I’d have an excuse to find her. “I’ll go.”
   “How did I not know Rachel has a crush on Noah?” Brittany continued as I walked away.
RACHEL WAS up in the top row of the bleachers.
“Leave me alone,” she whispered when I sat down beside her. I offered her the food she’d left behind.
“Not hungry.”
   I set the box on the seat away from Rachel and stayed quiet for a minute.
   “Please leave me alone,” Rachel whispered finally, hunching her shoulders more.
“Nope,” I said. “My friend’s upset and I’m going to find out why.” “It’s nothing.”
   “Not nothing if it’s got you this upset — everybody’s worried about you, Rachel. Sam was ready to come after you too.”
Rachel’s head snapped up and she scanned the bleachers and field. “She’s not coming, is she?”
   What was up with these two? I wondered. They hadn’t had a fight that I knew of, and I think Sam would have told me. Sam certainly wasn’t mad at Rachel, and Rachel didn’t seem mad. She seemed almost scared, but that didn’t make any sense either.
“No, I came instead — so what’s wrong?” Rachel’s head hung again.
“I can’t say.”
“Why not?”
She was silent for a long time. “You’ll hate me,” she whispered.
   That was unexpected. And serious. I couldn’t imagine what Rachel thought would make me hate her.
“Sam, too,” she added.
   Now I was really confused — something that would make both Sam and I hate her?
   “Neither of us will hate you,” I assured her. “Here — tell me why you think Sam’ll hate you and I’ll tell you if I think so too.”
Rachel bent over and hugged her knees, sobbing. “I gave her a love potion.”
I WAS TOO stunned to speak, but I knew I had to quickly. If I didn’t, then Rachel would think I was mad at her or thought Sam would be. And I didn’t know if Sam would be mad or not — I was still busy trying to figure out why Rachel would give Sam a love potion in the first place.
   “Are you … gay, too?” I asked, not sure how to phrase it given my new knowledge of Rachel’s Family and the purity thing.
   Rachel’s shoulders shuddered more and she pressed the heels of her hands hard to her eyes, shaking her head, then shrugging.
   “No? I don’t know? I’m not supposed to even think about stuff like that, much less figure it out!”
   “Okay, the girls told me about the Purity thing, so I get not thinking about it — but why would you give Sam a love potion?”
“It was supposed to be for you!”
Stunned wasn’t good enough — I was stupefied. And very confused.
   “It was the cupcake,” Rachel went on, whispering again. “The stupid cupcake I brought you on the first of Halloween — but then Sam grabbed it and I couldn’t stop her and … now everything’s gone to shit!”
   “Where’d you even get a love potion?” I asked, trying to buy time to figure out how I felt about all this. I was kind of angry, honestly, that she’d tried to give me a fucking love potion — but I also cared about Rachel and she was so upset. I stomped on my own irritation because my friend was upset.
“First day in potions class,” Rachel whispered, rubbing her chest.
   I thought back — yeah, I remembered the ingredients, sugar and watermint. We were supposed to make it a stomach tonic, but watermint could also be used for some kind of love potion.
   “So, you made a love potion instead of a stomach tonic?” And I remembered the bottle she’d slipped into her bag and the mess she’d made. “And dumped the rest in the sink so Magistra Fallowell wouldn’t know?”
“You hate me,” Rachel whispered. I took a deep breath.
   “I don’t hate you — I’m not very happy with you right now, but I don’t hate you. I do want to understand why.”
Then I realized what it must have been.
Fucking witch mothers.
   I thought foster care was fucked up, but it had nothing on these so-called “Families.”
I sighed. “Your mom?” “What? No!” “Then why?”
Rachel wrapped her arms around herself and hugged hard, rocking. “You were so nice to me. You saved me from Cassandra and you …
talked to me and walked me to class and sat with me in potions and —” “Wait — Rachel, we made those potions the first day. You hadn’t even
known me for twenty-four hours … why would you make a love potion?” “I’d never met a boy before.”
Oh, this was just a day full of shocks. “What? Never?”
   Rachel shook her head. “Never. The first time we’re supposed to see a man in person is when we join our coven. I grew up knowing the first man I saw in person would be my warlock.” She took a deep breath. “My mom was pissed when she found out you were here.”
“Rachel, I —”
   “Oh, don’t say it, I know. It was stupid. I knew it was stupid as soon as the potion was finished — I was just … stupid, okay? I just — I started having all these thoughts I’m not supposed to have and I got carried away that first day. I put the potion in a drawer. I decided not to use it.”
“Then why did you?”
   “You kept being nice to me!” Rachel cried, kicking her feet. “And you liked spellstick and didn’t get mad when I talked about it so much and you listened to me and you wanted to come to a Banshee’s game and you said it was a date!” She sobbed again, burying her face in her hands. “And then, after what Cassandra did? I thought I’d never like spellstick again and you just … gave it back to me.”
She sat up and clutched at her chest, grimacing. “Rachel? Are you oka —”
“Aarrrgghh!”
   Rachel extended her left arm, fingers clenched, and a twenty-foot wave of fire roared over the bleachers.
“What the fuck!”
Rachel lowered her arm like nothing had happened.
   “Sorry — my resonant’s Passion and if I get too worked up the mana keeps building up and —” She shrugged. “It’s really uncomfortable.” She felt at her hair, pulling the ends around to look at them. “At least I didn’t set my hair on fire this time.”
“Oh, okay, that’s good,” I said as slowly and carefully as I could. Rachel sniffed and wiped her eyes.
   “I thought … it’s not a strong potion, I mean, it wouldn’t change anything. Like Magistra Fallowell said, it just nudges something if it’s already there. So, I thought … if I gave you a nudge and it did, then I’d know there was something there. But then…”
“Then Sam ate the cupcake.” Rachel nodded.
   “I put it in the frosting,” Rachel said. “At first, I didn’t think anything happened, but then … she’s different, right? You see it?”
   I nodded. I couldn’t deny it — Sam had been much more focused on Rachel all month.
“How do you feel about that?” I asked. “What do you mean?”
“Well, do you like her?”
   “How am I supposed to know? I’m not supposed to think about stuff like that!”
I laughed, then stood up and held out my hand. “Come on.”
“What?”
   “Come on — we need to get back and explain to Sam why she’s been pining after you for the last month.”
“I can’t!”
“You have to, come on.” “She’s going to hate me.”
   “Hate you? Sam? Over this?” I laughed. “Sam’s going to laugh her ass off.”

“BUT I LOOOVE YOU, RACHEL!”
“Stop it.”
Sam’s singsong teasing was getting a bit annoying.
“I can’t stop it — I am compelled. By the power of the potion!”
   I couldn’t decide if this was more annoying than the hysterical laughter that had filled our afternoon.
“Please, stop it,” Rachel said, rolling her eyes. “I said I was sorry.”
   It was well after dark on Halloween — the day, not the month — and most of the Willowmere students weren’t back from trick-or-treating yet. Sam hadn’t been kidding about that — over half the girls all cast glamours on themselves to look like costumed kids and a fleet of rideshares took them over to the neighborhoods with the best candy. It was the one night the school relaxed its rule on first-years leaving campus in the first semester, but only for candy collection. Hannah and Brittany had done that, while
Sam, Rachel, and I stayed back. Mostly because we needed time alone for Rachel to confess what she’d done to Sam, but also because we were going to Willowmere’s Samhain ritual instead.
   We were on a trail through the woods to the school’s Grove and I was anxious to see what it looked like — and the ritual itself, since I’d never seen one.
   “Oh … asters!” Sam suddenly danced off the trail to a space clear of trees where a few purple flowers were still blooming. She plucked one of the purple, star-shaped flowers and hurried back, holding it out to Rachel. “Flower for my love?”
   “You’re crazy!” Rachel said, but I could tell she was trying to suppress another bout of giggles.
“Crazy for a kiss,” Sam said, puckering her lips and leaning in.
   “Eeek!” Rachel cried and dashed off down the trail with Sam in pursuit, both of them laughing.
   I just shook my head and kept walking, happy to see Rachel laughing after the day’s drama. She’d been relieved I wasn’t mad at her, but terrified that Sam would hate her — now she could tell that if Sam was teasing her about it, then she wasn’t mad at all.
   How could we be mad? She’d literally grown up being told the first guy she saw would be her warlock, and then here I was. More than just that it’d be her warlock, but she wasn’t supposed to see a guy until the actual marking ceremony — so she’d been taught the first guy she saw was going to be her warlock and they were going to have sex as soon as she saw him. I was probably lucky she hadn’t jumped me right in the cafeteria that first dinner.
   I caught up with them at the Grove, which looked oddly familiar — it was a natural clearing in the woods, with a large, stone block slightly off-center. The moon wasn’t full — it was a few days past — but it was still pretty large and lit the clearing well. There were maybe fifty girls seated on roughly-carved log benches around the clearing’s edges.
   Sam and Rachel had taken a bench away from the others. They weren’t chasing each other anymore, but I saw Rachel had Sam’s flower tucked behind her ear. I sat next to Rachel, figuring I could offer some support if Sam’s teasing got to be too much — or join in.
“So, what are we going to do?” I asked as I sat down. “About what?” Sam asked.
   I waved my hands. “The potion — we can’t ask a teacher for help, that’ll get Rachel in trouble.”
   Sam shrugged. “It’ll wear off in a couple more weeks — watermint’s a weak-ass potion. Now that I know about it, it won’t have any more effect on me than watching her butt while we walk up the stairs.”
“You look at my butt?”
   “I’m a lesbian in an all-girls school — I look at everybody’s butt. But yours?” Sam nodded and made a grabbing motion with her hands. “Oh, yeah. Tight.”
   Rachel covered her face with her hands and I could practically feel the heat of embarrassment radiating from her — or maybe she was going to turn into a flamethrower again.
   She glanced at me between her fingers. “You don’t look at my butt, do you?”
It sounded like she was half-hoping I’d say yes. “Nah,” I said, then paused a beat. “I’m a boob guy.”
   “I like your boobs, too,” Sam said quickly. “Don’t let them feel left out.”
“Maiden’s blush,” Rachel whispered. “Is that all you two think about?” “Pretty much,” Sam said.
“Since I was about thirteen,” I agreed. “Late bloomer, huh?”
“No wonder you guys can’t pay attention in class,” Rachel said. “You really don’t think about it?” Sam asked.
   Rachel shook her head. “No — well, sometimes, yeah, but then we’re supposed to meditate or cycle mana through our shields or practice a ritual’s call and response … you know, to just stop.”
   “Wow,” Sam said, then leaned forward to catch my eyes, biting her lip. “So, um, you’ve never-ever … tended your garden?”
“What’s that?”
   “You know,” I said, trying not to laugh as Sam winked at me. “Polished the pearl?”
“Fluffed the peony?” “Spun the sugar?” “Filled your diary?”
   “What are you two talking about?” Rachel asked, looking from Sam to me with total bewilderment.
“Seriously?” Sam asked, then leaned close to Rachel and whispered. The radiated heat grew in intensity.
   “Oh,” Rachel whispered. “No … my mom told me that could make me explode.”
   I have no idea how long Sam and I sat there staring at her, but we were both clearly flabbergasted.
“What?” Rachel asked.
   “Explode?” Sam asked finally. “It doesn’t make you explode … well, I suppose he sort of explodes, but for us girls it’s more of an implosion.”
   “What? Oh, no!” Rachel covered her mouth with her hands, shaking her head. “No, I meant because I have a Passion resonant — I have to be really careful. Without a warlock to drain off the mana or support my resonant stores they might grow too fast and … pop.”
“Pop?”
Rachel nodded.
“Oh,” Sam said, “that makes sense.” “Now I don’t get it,” I said.
“I told you about that,” Rachel said. “Yeah, but I still don’t get it.”
   “I have to be careful about how excited I get about things, otherwise my store fills too quickly and starts stretching too much. Then I’d have to use a lot of mana or it hurts a lot. It’s sort of like expanding your store with a warlock, but … there’s no controls on it. So, I have to pick what I want to get excited about and stay calm the rest of the time. Or use a bunch of mana.”
“Like the flamethrower thing you did earlier?”
   Rachel nodded. “I can’t really go throwing fireballs around my bedroom, you know. I’m not even that good at fire magic, it’s just the quickest way to use up a lot of mana.”
   I thought about the twenty-foot stream of fire I’d witnessed earlier and wondered what “good at it” would look like.
   “Passion runs in the Winthrop Family — nearly all of us have it,” Rachel said. “That’s why we don’t care if someone knows our resonants and why we practice Purity — it’s just safer for everyone if we don’t think about that before we have a warlock.”
Sam started laughing.
“It’s not funny,” Rachel said.   
   Sam kept laughing. “It is when I picture you going into town next semester and turning some guy from the mundane college into a cinder.”
