CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN

I DIDN’T  GET  ANOTHER  CHANCE  TO  TALK  MORE  WITH  SAM  ABOUT  THE  COVEN
bond and its compulsion until the next morning when we left the hotel.
Yes, that’s a long time. We were busy.
   “I feel kind of bad,” Sam said as we walked — it was a sunny day, cold, but pleasant, and we’d decided to walk a few blocks before catching a rideshare to Mel’s.
“Why should you feel bad? I’m the one who —”
   “You didn’t know what you were getting into — not really. I did. Did you even really understand that a coven-bond is permanent? Like, life-permanent?”
“Yes, that I knew.”
   I did, but it was a big step and maybe I hadn’t thought it all the way through — though, even if I had it wouldn’t have changed my decision. I didn’t mind being tied to her, and I certainly wouldn’t have denied forming a coven with her.
“It only gets stronger with time, you know?” she asked. “What does?”
“The bond. Have you noticed you can see through my shields?”
   I nodded. That was something I’d noticed last night — even with her shields up after the first time, I’d still been able to read the cheat codes and see everything she was feeling through her mana.
   “There aren’t many secrets in a coven,” she said. “We’ll always know what the other’s feeling, we’ll always know where the other one is —”
   
“Wait? Like a party map in a game?”
   “No, you don’t get a HUD or something out of it — you’re such a guy.” She shook her head. “More like … direction and distance. It’ll be weak at first, but it gets stronger with time or concentration.” She wrapped herself around my arm as we walked. “Other things, too.”
   “Like you having to do what I say,” I said, frowning. That was the part I really had trouble with.
Sam sighed.
   “But that’s exactly why I wanted to form a coven with you instead of some warlock my mom picked for me. Just like with your Command affinity, I trust you — if you asked me to do something and I said I really didn’t want to, what would you do?”
   I shrugged. “Not make you do it, I suppose.” I thought about that for a minute. “So, will you promise me you’ll tell me if that happens? So, I can take it back?”
   She squeezed my arm and I could feel her warmth and softness through my jacket.
“Yes, Master.”
“Don’t —”
She looked up at me with wide eyes, lips trembling. “I don’t want you to order me to stop, Master.” Sometimes she was as big a brat as Morgan was. “Shit,” I muttered. “Can we go back to Dominus?”
At least that wouldn’t make passers-by look at us weird. Maybe.
   I stayed quiet for about two blocks, letting her bask in her victory, because she really did have me there.
   “So,” I said, finally, “hypothetically — if I told you to go make me a sandwich…”
She slapped my shoulder. “Such a guy.”
I SPENT the ride back to Mel’s brownstone thinking of ways to tell her that I’d marked Sam.
   Well, she was probably going to know as soon as she looked at us, because she just knew things, so really, I spent the time thinking of things to say after she calmed down from finding out.
“How mad do you think she’s going to be?” Sam asked. I shrugged. “Pretty mad, but she’ll get over it.”
Mel was the one who’d told me I needed to form a coven, after all.
Could she really be that mad at me for starting one?
“She might get over it with you, but how mad is she going to be at me?”
   I pulled Sam close. “Well, we’re a coven now, right? So, we’re sticking together. If she’s mad at you she’s gotta be mad at me.”
We got to Mel’s brownstone and paused at the door. “This is it,” I said.
   “I wonder who’s going to be maddest at us — well, I know my mother’s going to be the absolute maddest, but between The Blackwood and Prima Rosethorn who do you think?”
I shrugged. “Only one way to find out.” I unlocked the door and we went in.
“Is that you, Noah?” Mel called. “Me and Sam,” I answered.
“I’m in the kitchen, dear — there are fresh cookies.” “The Blackwood … bakes?”
“I can hear you,” Mel called. “Eep!” Sam jumped.
   I heard the tinkling of a bell and Felicity came trotting around the corner to greet us.
   I reached down and gave her a scratch behind the ears while she rubbed against my hand and purred.
   I stood up and started into the house, Sam got behind me and grabbed my arm, peeking around my shoulder.
   Mel was in the kitchen, with her long dark hair up in the frazzled-looking bun she wore while cooking. She had on her typical jeans and V-neck top, both tight, no sweater since the kitchen was cozy from the oven’s heat, an apron around her waist and a towel draped over one shoulder. The house smelled like fresh-baked cookies again, just chocolate chip this time, and I took a big whiff.
   “You’re just in time for a fresh batch,” Mel said, opening the oven door and reaching in for a tray of cookies, which really exhibited how tight those jeans were.
“The last batch wasn’t enough?” I asked.
“Those were left at the school last night, these are for us.”
   I walked up to the island and leaned against it, keeping it between us and Mel as a sort of physical barrier. Felicity hopped up on the counter and started rubbing against my arm. It was calming as always.
   Mel turned around from the oven, stared at us for a moment, then dropped the sheet of cookies to the kitchen floor.
   “What have you done?” Mel stared at us, then before I could start to explain, “Oh, do you have any idea how much trouble this is going to cause?”
“How can she tell?” Sam whispered. “I have my shields up.” “The two of you reek of sex,” Mel said.
“But we showered,” Sam whispered. “Twice.” “Yeah, but then we —”
“Oh, yeah.”
   “Will the two of you stop whispering? If I could hear you in the other room, I can certainly hear you now. And there’s no way that much sex didn’t end up in one of you being marked. Since I know Noah’s affinity, I assume it wasn’t him who was on the receiving end. Which means your mother is going to be furious, young lady.”
“Good, I hope she has an apoplectic fit and swallows her tongue.”
   “So do I,” Mel said, “but that doesn’t change the trouble this is going to cause. Evelina is going to want to expel you both.”
   “We didn’t do it at the school,” I said. “We are of age, away from school, so there’s nothing she can do about it.”
I hoped that was true.
   Mel sighed. “There’s nothing she can do about it officially, dear. Unofficially, I’m sure your lives at Willowmere are going to become quite interesting.”
   Since she was back to calling me “dear” I figured Sam and I weren’t in any particular danger.
I shrugged. “We’ll deal with it.”
   Mel bent and picked up the tray of cookies, coming to the island where the cookie racks from previous batches were. She set the tray down and grabbed a small spatula to start taking the cookies off the tray and place them on the cooling racks.  
   “Don’t look at me like that,” she said. “The cookies didn’t touch the floor, just the bottom of the pan. I’m certainly not going to waste them.”
“She doesn’t seem very upset,” Sam whispered.
   Yeah, she didn’t. She didn’t even seem particularly surprised and I noted the cookie sheet had fallen absolutely flat so that none of the cookies would spill. Almost as though she’d staged it.
   “That’s because she knew it was going to happen,” I said, suddenly realizing what it was I knew I didn’t know, or didn’t know I knew. Just, suddenly, a lot of pieces came together.
“What?” Both Mel and Sam said at the same time.
   I started pacing, staring down at my feet while I worked through it in my head. I pointed at Mel.
   “There is no way you would’ve let me go off to spend Solstice with the Prescotts,” I said. “I was too nervous at the time to figure it out, but you agreed way too easily.”
I frowned, realizing something else.
“Not only did you know we were going to, but you wanted us to.” Mel raised an eyebrow. “Whatever makes you think that?”
   “Because you knew what we were up to and didn’t stop us.” I narrowed my eyes. “You are not the sort of person who’d just let me do something you disapproved of or thought was a bad idea.”
   Mel took the bowl of cookie dough from the stand mixer and brought it over to the island. She pulled three spoons from a drawer and offered them to us.
   “You’re granting me credit for a great deal of perception, dear. Perhaps I was simply preoccupied with my cookies?”
   “No, you wouldn’t have let me go if you didn’t know. Or you’d have invited yourself along to the Prescotts’ Solstice party.”
“That would be rather rude.” “Would it stop you?”
“Of course not, dear.”
   Mel scooped up a big spoonful of cookie dough, popped it in her mouth, then scooped out more and offered it to Felicity.
   “Cats can’t have chocolate,” I pointed out, as Sam scooped up some dough of her own.
   “Pfft!” Felicity hissed at me before daintily nibbling at the dough Mel offered her.  
“She’ll be fine, dear.”
   “Who picked Sam to be my roommate?” I demanded, suddenly certain there’d been more going on than just letting me go to meet Sam.
“Whatever do you mean, dear?”
“Yeah,” Sam asked, “what do you mean?”
   “When she and Prima Rosethorn were making the plans for me to go to Willowmere she sent me out of the room so they could talk about the details. One of the details was a roommate. Who picked Sam as my roommate?”
   Mel shrugged. “Evelina proposed several options and we discussed them. I can’t really recall how we decided on Samantha.”
   I had some doubts about Mel’s faulty memory, but I wasn’t prepared to outright call her a liar.
   “And you hardly argued at all when I wanted to partner with Sam for shield work,” I went on.
“She swore an oath,” Mel said.
   “Yeah, you really didn’t want anyone to know I was trinitara, much less had the Control resonant — but you just went along with it.”
Mel shrugged. “It was a good oath.” I narrowed my eyes.
   “Oh, very well,” Mel said, tossing her spoon into the cookie dough. “Yes, I strongly suspected what you and Samantha were up to. If you wanted to keep it secret you should have been more circumspect.”
“What?” Sam said. “We didn’t do anything until last night!”
   “There’s a certain look a young woman gives someone she’s chosen to become intimate with, dear, even before the act. You’ve been looking at Noah that way since you recovered from your rather foolish potion adventure.” Mel frowned. “And the Winthrop girl, as well.” She turned to me. “Will she be next?”
“What? Rachel?” I stammered, looking at Sam. Sam shrugged. “I told you I like her butt.”
   “Will she be next to join your coven, dear? I’m nearly certain she’d be willing.”
   “Wait, what, no!” I held up my hands. “Stop, you’re trying to distract me.”
   Mel frowned. “You’re being far more perceptive than I’d expect. Has something more than a marking happened?”   
“No. And I’m not marking Rachel!”
   I said that. Those were the words that came out of my mouth, but it certainly wasn’t what I felt.
   Now that someone had said it, I realized that I absolutely wanted to mark Rachel. So much that my jaw ached even thinking about it. I wanted the shy little witch under me and to have one hand fisted in her hair to keep her from hiding her face while I entered her. I wanted to tear the walls of her reserve down and see all the passion she’d shown at the spellstick game focused on me. I wanted — I wanted Sam there with us, but those images were confused. In one I made Rachel pleasure Sam while I took her from behind … in the other, Sam was restrained, unable to move while she watched Rachel and I together.
“Noah, dear, you’re growling.” I blinked.
Where the fuck had that come from?
   “Whatever the fuck put that look on your face, I want it,” Sam whispered.
   I blinked again, then checked my resonants, but they were all evenly filled, so I had nothing to blame that reaction on but myself.
I shook my head to clear it, then glared at Mel.
“Stop trying to change the subject. You set this up! Sam and I.”
   Mel sighed. “I told you from the beginning, dear, that you must form a coven to become independent from the Families. Attending Willowmere, aside from the protection it offers, was to allow you to meet the witches there. I simply made sure you had the best possible choice for a roommate at Willowmere, someone you’d be spending the most time with. Anything after that is entirely your own doing.”
I turned to Sam. “Doesn’t this bother you?”
   Sam shrugged. “What? That she thought we’d be a good match and put us together?” She shrugged again. “We are, aren’t we?”
   “Well, yeah, but — wait, you had to have known she’s gay, right? I asked Mel.
Mel shrugged. “What difference does that make if she wants a coven?” Sam nodded. “Told you.”
   I rubbed my eyes, trying to figure out just how deep Mel’s machinations went. “You said I’d have to build up a super powerful coven to defend against the Families and stay independent.”
“You do,” Mel agreed.
“You had to have known Sam was a onesie, too — sorry, Sam.”
   Sam shrugged, doing disturbingly distracting things with her spoonful of dough. “I got better.”
Mel shrugged. “What of it?”
   “You couldn’t have known she was looking for that book, or that she’d drink all of the potion — so why would you think a onesie was a good match?”
   Mel chuckled. “Noah, dear, you are a trinitara warlock of the Blackwood line — if Samantha hadn’t already been a trinitara yesterday, she would be today. You would not have been able to resist opening her dormant resonants during your marking. The coven bond always wants more power.”
   “Wait,” Sam said. “Are you saying Noah did that to me? It wasn’t the potion and all that raw mana?”
   Mel and I had kept that even from Sam because of how dangerous the knowledge was. And Mel was right, having experienced that with three resonants, I wouldn’t have been satisfied with one or two. Any inkling or instinct that it was possible would have been hard to resist.
   “Yes, dear,” Mel said to Sam. “The raw mana brought on by the potion made it more difficult and dangerous, but the act itself was Noah.”
   Sam’s eyes got big — whether from the knowledge I could do that or Mel elevating her to “dear”, I don’t know.
   “Would’ve been good to know before I almost blew up the school,” she muttered.
   She wasn’t wrong. I wondered what would have gone differently if I’d told Mel about Sam’s plan ahead of time — would she have just told us about this then and sent us off to get a room?
   “That’s what makes a ‘onesie’, offensive as the term is,” Mel said, “an ideal candidate for your coven, dear. There’s far more power generated when the witch and warlock have compatible resonants. Being able to mirror two of yours into the witch ensures a quite powerful match — the only better match would be a witch who has all three of your resonants.”
   Sam’s eyes got even wider. “Crone’s gnarled knuckles,” she breathed. “An entire coven of trinitaras?”
   Mel shrugged. “It’s not unknown — though it has been a very long time. And you should keep that secret until your coven is powerful enough to defend itself — that ability will be sought after.” “You should have told me,” I said.
   “Told you what, dear? That you should seduce your roommate? Witches do meddle, it’s in our nature, but there are lines even I won’t cross.”
Sam nodded and dipped her spoon back into the cookie dough.
   Felicity must have decided she wasn’t getting any more cookie dough and hopped off the counter to hurry into the next room.
I lowered my gaze, trying to figure out what had me so upset about this. “I guess I’m just trying to figure out how much meddling you’ve done,”
I said.
“What do you mean, dear?”
   “It’s — ever since this happened to me, that I found out I was a warlock, I mean, it’s been like the decisions were all forced on me.”
   Mel opened her mouth, then closed it, cocking her head to one side, waiting.
   “Then when Sam and I … well, we decided to form a coven. It wasn’t forced on me, it wasn’t that I had no choice like so much has. Now it feels like you nudged that along, too.”
I was starting to feel angry about it, the more and more I thought.
   “And it has to go back farther than just when you brought me back here after I was attacked. I mean, I’ve known Felicity for years. Maybe I was too busy catching up with witches and magic when I first got here that I accepted you didn’t know she was visiting me, but I’m really supposed to believe a cat, even one as special as Felicity, stumbled across me one day and then kept the fact that I was a warlock from you until just when I needed someone to rescue me from that alley?”
I put my palms flat on the counter.
   “Okay, I’ll believe Felicity is smarter than the average cat. She understands a lot, she’s very intuitive, but how did she even find me? My foster home is miles from here. I’m supposed to just believe she happened to be roaming miles from home one day and stumbled across me? And that she knew enough to wait? That it was her decision not to tell you about me? That’s too much for a cat.”
“Cats do roam, dear.”
   “You know what I think, Mel? I think you came across me and sent Felicity to check on me once in a while. I think you’ve been ‘meddling’ for a lot longer than you’ve told me. I either believe that, or I believe Felicity did it all on her own. And I don’t see how Felicity could.”
   “You should,” someone said behind me, “because Felicity is far more clever than you seem to think.”
I turned around and screamed.