“Well, you did just have a rather bad experience, I suppose,” she said finally. “Nearly killed yourself using so much mana — not even enough left to keep your shields up — so I can understand the instinct to pull some from me.” She started to pat my hand, then stopped. “Don’t worry, I’ve tried to be polite and not look at you too closely, but there should be enough ambiance for you to restore your shields, at least. Now, who’re your people? We’ll get you right home and say no more of it.”
   Definitely crazy — mana, whatever that was, shields, and the way she said “look”, with some special emphasis. She said it with a very personal tone that made me want to check under the covers to see if my pants had been undone.
“Um, no need for that — I can just go?” I suggested, starting to sit up. “No.” she said, freezing me in place with her tone. “I’ll not have your
Family up in arms for me letting you wander off again — bad enough I’ve brought you to my home. Now, your name?”
   “Noah Ashe, ma’am,” I said, settling back in the bed. Maybe I could make a dash for the door later — if I could figure out where the door was.
   
   The view through the window showed we were on an upper floor, maybe third or fourth, so I’d have to find her apartment door, then the stairs, then make it out of the building. Once on the street I could probably lose her.
   She took a deep breath, which did interesting things to her figure and made me wonder if being “looked” at was such a bad thing. Maybe looking would lead to more —
“I don’t know the Ashes,” she said. “Is it a small Family?”
   “I don’t have a family, ma’am — I was in foster care and just aged out today — yesterday, I guess.”
She snorted.
   “A likely story — so you’ve run away, then.” She sat back in her chair and crossed her legs. “I know the Families can be a bit stifling, but running off isn’t the answer. You’ll only get picked up by a rival Family and they’ll have to hide you away, which will be even worse. There’s no room for you to make your own way these days and you should know that.”
She stood up.
   “If you won’t tell me, then I’ll look for myself. Your resonants may tell me which line you come from if nothing else.”
   I clutched the blanket to keep her from pulling it down and “looking” at me … but not too tightly, since there seemed to be a better than even chance I’d fallen into some sort of crazy-witch-MILF situation and maybe it wouldn’t turn out that badly.
Somewhat to my disappointment she just stared at me.
   Her eyes went a bit vacant, as though she was seeing something I couldn’t, then they widened and she backed away toward the bedroom door. “The washroom’s there,” she finally said, pointing to a door on the wall opposite the bed, then laid her hand on the knob of the door behind her. “I’ll
wait for you in the kitchen — three floors down.” She opened the door and closed it behind her.
I LIGHTENED my grip on the blanket, not quite sure if I was relieved or disappointed.
   
   The last view I’d gotten of the woman had been of well-shaped hips clad in tight denim, sliding through the bedroom door before it closed behind her.
   I slid out of the bed and quickly used the bathroom, wetting my hair a bit to get it under control and scrubbing my teeth with a finger to do something about that. Then I returned to the bedroom.
   My backpack was on the floor next to the bed, so I checked my few belongings.
   Everything was still there, including my cash, even if the backpack was a little worse for wear. One strap was partially torn away from the body and there was a slice across the back where I guess I’d swung it into the guy’s knife somehow. I shuddered at the memory — both of the attack and how it had ended.
   I considered slipping out the window — there was a fire escape there — but … free breakfast? Not a thing someone in my position should turn down.
   The woman might be crazy, but she didn’t seem particularly dangerous, so I shouldered my backpack and left the bedroom.
   I hadn’t really caught the implications of her telling me to go down three floors to the kitchen, but exiting the bedroom made me realize this wasn’t an apartment, it was the whole building. This entire floor was made up of two bedrooms — I could see the second through an open door — and the stairs in the hallway continued up at least another two floors.
   The next floor down had a single, closed door off a much smaller hallway, but the one below that was open with a large dining table at the front and a sitting area at the back. The furniture looked old — antique, even — and expensive. The huge dining table had fourteen chairs around it and one wall held a cabinet with pricey-looking dishes. In the sitting room
— I couldn’t really call it a living or family room, there were just couches, chairs, and a small piano, no television or anything like that.
   The clatter of dishes from the stairway reminded me that I should be heading for that free breakfast instead of snooping through the crazy, witch-MILF’s house.
   “Coffee’s on the counter, dear,” the woman called up the stairwell, making me jump and hurry downstairs.
   This was the ground floor — I could see the street outside through the front window of a smaller, second dining area that filled that space. The
   
buildings across the street were brownstones — nice brownstones, ones that clearly hadn’t been carved up into individual apartments like so many had.
   What did a whole brownstone in a good neighborhood go for? Two, three million? Maybe more?
Rich, crazy, witch-MILF.
   I rounded the stairs, which continued down another floor to what I assumed would be a cellar of some sort, to see that the middle of the building here consisted of a modern kitchen with an island facing the stairs and the little entryway from the front door. Beyond that toward the back of the building was something I recognized as a living room, with modern, comfortable couches and chairs, as well as an absurdly large-screen TV mounted on the wall above a cabinet with two gaming consoles, several stacks of games, and a variety of controllers.
   The scent of coffee, bacon, and griddled pancakes hit me and set my mouth to drooling.
   Rich, crazy, witch-MILF was at the stove with her back to me. She’d added an apron, tied at her lower back, which only served to draw attention to her denim-clad butt and the rest of her figure. Her long, dark hair was now tied up in a loose bun, with tendrils falling across her bare neck and making my fingers itch to play with them.
   The island had a single place setting, along with a pot of coffee and a carafe of orange juice set in a bucket of ice.
   The woman pulled a cookie sheet of bacon from the oven with one hand while she flipped pancakes on the stove top griddle with the other.
Rich, crazy, witch-MILF who can cook.
   I shifted uncomfortably as my jeans suddenly seemed too tight and I hurried to the island to hide myself in case she turned around. I set my backpack on the floor next to my stool and laid my hands on the cool marble, trying to get myself under control as images of bending rich, crazy, witch-MILF over that same counter top filled my head.
What the hell’s wrong with me? I wondered.
   I wasn’t a stranger to sudden and awkward erections — I was a teenage guy, after all — but this was ridiculous.
   As I tried to get control of myself, the woman set the tray of bacon on a cooling rack and turned around. She froze, staring at me, and her eyes went wide at the same time as what I’d previously experienced as a tingling suddenly became a wave of vibration passing through my body.
   
   That blew my control away completely, and I actually hopped off the stool and started around the island despite mentally screaming, Hey! What are you doing? at myself.
   The woman stepped back against the stove, gestured abruptly, and the vibration stopped, leaving me staggering at the island’s corner.
What the hell was wrong with me?
   I flushed, breathing heavily, a little scared by what had just happened, and moved back to my stool.
   “We’ll be working on your shields first, dear,” the woman said, turning around and transferring bacon to a plate, then muttered, “And my own, as well, it seems. I’ve gotten too lazy around the house, no doubt.”
   She busied herself there with the bacon and pancakes, giving me a moment to calm down, and I noticed she’d stopped talking about some family she had to find and was now talking like I’d be here past breakfast to “work on shields” whatever that was.
“Um, ma’am?” I said when I thought my voice wouldn’t crack. “Yes, dear?”
“I don’t know your name.”
There was another pause and she chuckled.
   “I suppose it’s been some time since someone within the Veil hasn’t known who I am.” She turned around and, thankfully, this time there was no vibration or loss of control. “Melaina Seraphina Blackwood — but you won’t recognize the name, will you? You really have grown up outside the Veil.” She shook her head. “Just call me Mel, dear.”
   She brought platters of bacon and pancakes to the island and set them down, which distracted me from wondering what the hell a veil had to do with anything.
“How do you like your eggs, dear?” “Um, scrambled? If that’s okay?” “Perfectly okay, dear.”
“Thanks, um, Mel — and thanks for saving me from the alley yesterday.
I mean, I guess that was you?”
“Yes, and you’re quite welcome. That was not a nice neighborhood.”
   I added a couple pancakes to my plate and some bacon — the pancakes were fluffy, with a buttery, crunchy exterior and the bacon was thick-cut, crispy and chewy at the same time. I took a quick bite of bacon while I reached for the syrup.
   
   As I crunched and poured, I heard a rapid thumping paired with jingling and a cat hopped onto the island.
   Black, save for a series of white spots along one side, and a pink, belled-collar with a name.
“Felicity?”

CHAPTER FOUR

“IT MEANS ‘GOOD FORTUNE,’” MEL SAID, COMING OVER TO THE ISLAND
with a plate of scrambled eggs and scratching Felicity’s ears.
The cat purred and rubbed against Mel’s fingers.
   “But…” I tried, but couldn’t find words. There were no brownstones near Alex and Karen’s neighborhood — the closest were miles away — and none near the alley I’d been attacked in — not like this neighborhood, at least. How could Felicity be here? “What … how…”
“It’s a name, dear, most things have one.” “But … that’s Felicity! I know her!” “How’s that?”
   “She’s … she was the neighborhood cat at my foster home. I’ve seen her … two, maybe three, times a week for the last five years. I saw her yesterday! How is she here?”
Mel stopped scratching Felicity’s ears and narrowed her eyes. “Where was this?”
I told her the neighborhood and her eyes narrowed even more. “Felicity Anne Alden, what is it you’ve been up to?”
   Felicity sat, stuck one hind leg straight up in the air, and began grooming herself inappropriately.
“None of that, young lady! I want an explanation.”
   I’m not sure if I was more bewildered at how Mel seemed to think Felicity could explain or that Felicity was giving off the sense that she understood perfectly well what was being asked of her, certainly had the capacity to comply with Mel’s demand, but had no intention of doing so.
   
   “That’s it,” Mel said, pointing to the stairs. “Go to your room — you’re grounded!”
   I stared as Felicity stopped grooming, gave Mel a disdainful look ending with a curled lip to show white, pointed teeth, and hopped off the island to dash up the stairs.
“And no internet!” Mel called after her.
Rich, very crazy, witch-MILF, cat lady who can cook.
   I stared at Mel who continued to glare at the stairwell. Eventually she seemed satisfied and turned back to me.
“You said foster care?”
   I nodded. “How close are we to Alex and Karen’s? How did Felicity get there?”
“When did you go into foster care?” Mel asked, ignoring my question. “All my life — but what about —”
   “I’m sorry, Noah — I can see there’s a lot to explain. And I apologize for Felicity, too. Cats do often have a mind of their own, but I can’t imagine what Felicity could have been thinking. She should have told me about you years ago, instead she waited until you were lying injured in an alleyway.” She shook her head, frowning.
   “Wait … Felicity brought you to the alley? What do you mean she should have told you about me?”
Mel nodded. “She was quite insistent about leading me to that alleyway
— wouldn’t take no for an answer at all.” “She’s a cat.”
   “Very much so,” Mel said, then sighed. “Too much so at times. I was hoping to let you finish your breakfast before addressing this, dear, but I can tell that’s not going to be possible.”
“Address what? That you’re led around town by a cat?”
   The crazy-part was beginning to outweigh the MILF- and cooking-parts and I started wondering if I could make it out the door before the cat lady did anything more to me. I gave my pancakes a sorrowful glance — they’d soaked up the syrup to the perfect squishy consistency and the surface glistened with butter.
   “So let me see if I can explain,” Mel said. “You’ve stumbled into a bit of a hidden world, so to speak.” She sighed. “I suppose there’s nothing for it but to jump right in — the first premise you’ll need to accept is that magic is real.”
She paused, waiting.
   I was honestly expecting something like that, what with her talking about witches.
   “Magic? Like spells and … stuff?” I asked — maybe if I kept her talking, we could keep the worst of the crazy in a box long enough for me to finish my pancakes.
   I took two big bites and started chewing while I waited for her to answer.
“Spells are not the whole of it, but yes. Magic, we call it mana, is power
— power that most everyone, everything alive, generates and which permeates everything, but only those within the Veil can make use of. Witches, and warlocks in your case.”
“You’re telling me I’m a witch?”
   Mel nodded. “Warlock is the proper term for males, but, yes, you are, indeed, one of us.”
   I stuffed two slices of syrup-coated bacon in my mouth and wondered if I could get a go-cup for the coffee. Mel said nothing, so I chewed quicker and swallowed.
“You know how that sounds, right?”
Mel nodded again. “I do. You say you’ve just aged out of foster care?
That makes you eighteen?”
   I nodded. “Eighteen today … well, yesterday,” I amended, still adjusting to having lost an entire night from being unconscious.
   Mel nodded. “That’s generally when witches come into their power these days. Tell me, have you had any odd experiences over the last few months?”
I did not say anything about rich, crazy, witch-MILF, cat ladies who can cook.
“Odd sensations, for instance?”
I stopped with a forkful of pancakes halfway to my mouth. “Maybe?”
“Unexpected tastes, smells, sounds, physical sensations?”
   I started wondering if this was one of those cold-reading, psychic scams I’d seen video of online — where a con artist throws out a bunch of possibilities to see what might stick. I mean, if you asked anyone if they’d had odd tastes, smells, sounds, or physical sensations over a span of months, you’d be bound to hit on something, right?
 On the other hand, an eighteen-year-old kid with about a hundred dollars in his backpack wasn’t a prime target for con artists, and the doctors hadn’t been able to find a cause for my tingling sensations. Plus, Mel’s blue eyes were absolutely gorgeous and she was completely focused on me to the point that I just wanted to spend the day staring at her … and eating bacon.
   “The last one?” I admitted, transferring a couple more pieces of bacon to my plate.
Mel nodded.
“That’s likely how you’re experiencing the absorption of mana.” “Mana?”
   “Magical power, as I said. All living things shed a certain amount of mana into the environment. As a warlock, you can absorb that ambient mana — it’s not much, which is likely why defending yourself yesterday affected you so much. You had only a bit of mana to begin with. What did you use on that man, by the way? Telly?”
   “Telly?” The only telly I knew was that I thought it was what English people called a television.
“Telekinesis. Moving things without touching them.” “You think I can move things with my mind?”
   “Not your mind — mana and your will.” Mel said, then frowned and shook her head. “No, I see you’re not going to believe me without a demonstration.” She looked around the room, then shrugged. “I suppose I could use something else but this will be so much more fun.”
She held her hand out palm up in my direction and then slowly raised it. And … I started floating up into the fucking air.
“What the actual fuck?”
   “Magic is real,” Mel said simply. “The quicker you accept that, the quicker I’ll let you down and we can move on to more important things.”
   The room’s ceilings weren’t that high, so I was just a couple feet off the floor and the same from the ceiling. I twisted around, trying to see where the wires were — that had to be it, right? She’d trained the cat to distract me, then attached wires to my … what the hell would she have attached wires to? I was floating — I couldn’t even feel pressure on my feet or on my butt from sitting, much less some kind of wiring harness.
 “Would you like to spin upside down?” Mel asked. “It can be quite a head rush — especially if I bounce you up and down a bit.”
   
   “No!” I said quickly, trying to wrap my head around how I could possibly be floating in midair, but absolutely certain I didn’t want to be bounced up and down.
   “How about…” Mel gestured with her other hand and a glowing red orb formed there before streaking straight for my face.
   “Argh!” I screamed, trying to twist out of the way, but the orb adjusted its course and … blasted right through me to disappear into the wall.
   “That’s a glamour,” Mel said. “An illusion. I can also do an actual fireball if you like.”
   She was a witch … a real witch, so of course she’d want to throw a fireball right up front — and I did accept that she was a witch. At least that magic was real, because I didn’t have any other explanation for the very obvious fact that I was floating around her kitchen.
“All right! All right! I get it. I believe you. Put me down, please.” “Good boy,” Melaina said.
She narrowed her eyes and her lips quirked.
“You’re thinking of dropping me on my ass, aren’t you?” Mel sighed. “It’s no fun if you’re expecting it.”
   She lowered her palm and my body followed suit until my feet touched the floor again.
   I swallowed hard and grasped the counter top — just in case she decided to repeat things, I wanted something solid to hang onto.
   “There,” Mel said, “wasn’t that more effective than me making some dishes fly around the room?”
 My knees shook a little bit as I got used to the idea. Sure, I guess it could’ve been a trick but I really had been floating, so that would be one hell of a trick.
“Yeah, that was effective,” I agreed.
No matter what I’d believed in before, I suddenly believed in magic. Mel smiled.