Now it was my turn to be silent and think. Maybe I shouldn’t tell her? If she couldn’t tell on her own, then she wouldn’t know, right? Or I could tell her it was something else — something innocuous.
   But she’d trusted me. She’d sworn an oath — a pretty big one — to keep my secret, even knowing me for less than a day. Lying to her or refusing to answer would be like a slap in the face after that.
   “Come on,” Sam said, “it can’t be more embarrassing than mine.” She grinned and cocked her head. “I showed you mine,” she half-sang.
I took a deep breath. “Control.”
Sam’s face went blank, then she grinned and shook her head. “Nuh-uh,” she said. “Not buying it.”
   “Yeah-huh,” I said. “And a Command affinity,” I added, wanting to get it all out there and … well, if Sam didn’t want to have anything to do with me for it, so be it.
   Her eyes went wide and she shook her head harder while I tried to look as innocent and harmless as possible. I even edged back on my bed to lean my back against the wall.
   “That’s impossible,” Sam said. “The Families bred Control out of every line — all of them. There’s no one left with it except …” Her mouth hung open. “Crone’s saggy tits … except The Blackwood. I don’t think most people even remember she has it most of the time, because there’s no Blackwood line anymore.”
I nodded.
“Sam, I wouldn’t ever…”
   “I think I know that.” She drew her legs up and hugged her knees. “You just told me something that could literally get you killed, you know?”
I nodded. “Why?”
   Sam’s tone was pretty serious when she asked, so I tried to give her the best answer I could.
   “I was really worried about coming here — more worried about having a roommate. A girl roommate.” I shrugged. “Then I walked in here and you were so cool — about everything. Getting Hannah and Brittany to sit with us at dinner — it was like you were going way out of your way to make me feel okay here.”
I had to look away, because she was staring at me so intently.
   
   “So, when you said you’d partner with me in Mel’s class, I couldn’t think of any way to tell you no that wouldn’t hurt you — and I didn’t want to do that. I don’t ever want to do that.”
   I realized I felt about Sam much the way I felt about Morgan. Protective. Not only wouldn’t I hurt them, but God help — Goddess help, I suppose I should start saying — anyone who did try to hurt them.
   “You swore a pretty big oath — I don’t really understand it, but Mel says it’s a big deal — to keep my secret without knowing what it was. Why shouldn’t I trust you just as much?”
   The room went silent as we both sat there, then Sam took a deep breath and scooted forward to sit on the edge of her bed again.
“Okay,” she said, biting her lower lip. “Make me do something.” “What?” I couldn’t have heard that right.
Sam bounced up and down.
   “Nobody’s seen a Command affinity in two hundred years! Make me do something!”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes! This is the coolest thing … ever. Make me do something!” “Are you sure?”
   “Make. Me. Do. Something,” Sam chanted, bouncing in time to her words — which made her robe fall open, giving me a quick glimpse of bare skin under it.
   “Oops!” she cried, pulling it closed, then waved a finger at me. “But not anything like that! Make me do something that isn’t, you know, creepy.”
“Something not creepy,” I muttered.
   Sam seemed completely serious and I didn’t think she was going to change her mind, so I decided I’d have to do it. She was asking me too, so it wasn’t like I was forcing her to do something. On the other hand, I hadn’t ever used my Command affinity on purpose. Only accidentally, and that had wound up killing a guy — which was probably a good argument for learning how to use it so it wouldn’t trigger accidentally again and wind up hurting somebody else.
“I’m not sure I know how,” I admitted. “Really?”
“I’ve only used it once, that I know of, and that wasn’t on purpose.” “Wow, okay.”
   
   I didn’t really think it was worth a “wow”, since we were freshmen in a magic school. There were probably lots of things the first-year witches here had never done, right?
I shrugged.
   “Okay, okay,” Sam said, grinning. “So I’m the guinea pig. Have you done any spells?”
“Um, I can light a candle. Mostly.”
   “Stop looking so embarrassed — that’s more than I can do most days. So … what you want to do is basically the same as lighting a candle — or it should be.”
“Should be?”
   “How am I supposed to know for sure? No one’s had Command for a a long time — for all I know you have to sacrifice a chicken first. But we’ll treat it as the same and give it a try.”
   The chicken thing bothered me a little, because Mel hadn’t mentioned that. “What things do we have to sacrifice a chicken for?”
Sam blinked. “Really?”
   “Don’t look at me like that — this is all pretty new to me, so for all I know chickens are a regular thing.”
   “Only for dinner,” Sam said, sighing. “This should be a lot like lighting a candle — just don’t set me on fire.”
“No promises.”
   “No fire,” Sam said firmly. “I know where you sleep.” She grinned. “But the principle’s the same — gather a little of your mana, I’m not sure how much you’ll need, so maybe start with a little more than you’d use to light the candle, then you fill it with your intent. Just remember the intent is whatever you tell me to do — no poof.”
“No poof,” I agreed. “That’s it?”
   “Well, magic that affects something else has to get there, so then you fling it at me.”
“Fling?”
   “Make the mana with your intent get to me somehow. Sometimes touch is easier, but, yeah, you just … make it go at me.”
I took a deep breath. “Okay, if you’re sure you want me to?” “Make me do something!”

   I decided to hurry up and try, before someone in another room heard Sam and came to investigate. I gathered up some mana — not a lot, since she was sort of cooperating and I figured it wouldn’t take that much — and pushed it toward her.
   “Put your right hand on your head,” I said, feeling the mana take on my intent and flow out of me … where it hit Sam’s shields and splashed into nothing.
“Oh, I felt that!” She frowned. “But I didn’t put my hand on my head.” “Mel said I’d have to use enough power to get through a witch’s shields,
so I guess I didn’t use enough.”
   “Here — I’ll drop my shields so you don’t have to use too much mana. I know it’s hard for you to recharge here — though if we’re working together for class, I can probably let you absorb everything I shed. Not like I can use it.”
   The blue glow of Sam’s shields died, exposing her resonant to me again, but she didn’t seem to be thinking about that.
   I formed the mana and filled it with my intent again, releasing it as I repeated, “Put your right hand on your head.
   “Eep!” Sam shrieked as her hand rose and planted itself on top of her head. Her arm tensed, muscles and tendons standing out as she struggled. “This is so cool!”
   She started moving her arm and fingers, but her palm stayed on her head.
   “Grrrarrghh!” she snarled, straining to move her arm, then gasped and relaxed.
“You’re taking this pretty calmly,” I said.
   Sam shrugged, then tried pulling her head away from her hand instead of moving her hand, but that didn’t work either.
   “It’d be harder for you if I was resisting with my magic, right? Instead of just physically?”
“I think so — Mel said something about a contest of wills.”
   “So, it’s not really that different from the coven bond — just outside the coven and more deliberate. And it doesn’t make me want to obey, just physically do it. Cool.”
   I started to ask what that meant, but all Sam’s squirming made her robe gape open again.
   
   “Let me go! Let me go! Let me go!” she shrieked, clutching at her robe with her left hand.
   “Okay, okay,” I said, laughing and covering my eyes with one hand. I released my hold on the mana I’d sent at her. “You can move your hand again. Let me know when it’s safe to look.”
   “Hmph — okay, you can look now.” She’d gotten her robe back together, belted it tightly and was now looking at her hand and flexing her fingers. “That was so weird.”
She bit her lip again and stared at me. “What?” I asked.
“I have a secret, too.” “You like girls?”
Sam reached over to my bed and smacked me. “I’m serious,” she said.
   “Okay, okay, I believe you — but, Sam, it wasn’t a trade, you know? I told you my secret so we could be partners in Mel’s class, not so you’d tell me one.”
   “I know — but, I want to tell someone. I want to tell you.” She looked down at her feet then back at me. “My mother didn’t send me here to learn
— well, yes, to learn, but not in the classes. She thinks there’s probably a book in the library that would … help me.”
“Help you what?”
Sam gave me a look that said I was being stupid. “Oh, the power thing?” I asked.
   “Yeah, the power thing. She’s not sure of the name of the book, but she told me who wrote it, and she’s certain it should be in the library and would help with what she calls my ‘condition.’”
   “I don’t get it — why’d you have to come to Willowmere as a student for that? Couldn’t she just ask the school to let her read it?”
“It’s in the forbidden section of the library.” That perked me up.
“The magic school has a forbidden section in the library?” “Noah! I’m serious.”
   “So am I — this is the first time the magic school has seemed like a magic school to me — other than the actual magic, of course. I’m talking aesthetics and ambiance.” I caught Sam’s look. “Okay, okay, I’m sorry. It is a big deal and I shouldn’t joke about it.”
   
   “Hmph. Anyway, if I get caught — or even if I don’t, but if there is something that can increase my power they’ll figure out how I did it, so I’ll probably be expelled for that. I just wanted you to know — in case I disappear or something.”
   I thought about what it must be like to have so little power in a world where others used it so casually — like Cassandra using it to flip Rachel’s tray, while Sam had barely enough to maintain her basic shields. After merging shields with her I could tell that even I had stronger ones than she did.
“What can I do to help?”
CHAPTER TWENTY

THREE WEEKS INTO THE SCHOOL YEAR, AND WE’D ALL GOTTEN INTO routines.
Each of the grades had somewhat different schedules.
   As first-years, freshmen, we had classes on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday — giving us two days during the week and the weekend to work on the assigned reading, essays, and practical exercises. There were a lot of those and we’d all been pretty busy for the first weeks of school — which isn’t to say we had no free time, just that we were being given a lot of work to do.
   Hannah, who was a senior, said the workload would be less after the Christmas break, which she called Solstice. After that we’d have more free time and be allowed to leave campus to go into town. I guess the idea was to get everyone focused on their schoolwork first, then lighten things up a bit. She also kept saying, “Of course, there’s Halloween,” which I didn’t understand, but everyone else seemed to think it was a big deal.
   It was a Saturday morning after breakfast and we all went to the library, which wasn’t my favorite thing, but we had a history paper for Magistra Nightingale due on Monday.
   After about an hour, I noticed the other students in the library were leaving — packing up their books and heading out.
Rachel began doing the same. “What’s up?” I asked. “Tryouts,” Rachel whispered. “Tryouts for what?”
   
“You should go, Noah,” Sam said. “It’ll be fun.” Rachel looked at me a little expectantly.
   “What are we trying out for?” I asked — I could think of quite a few things I’d encountered or heard of in the witches’ world that I didn’t want to try out for.
“Not for you,” Sam said. “You have to be a junior or senior to play.”
   I shrugged. “Well, as long as I don’t have to do any of the trying out, I’ll come with you, Rachel. Are you coming, Sam?”
   Sam caught her lower lip between her teeth and looked around at the swiftly emptying library. “I … I think I’ll stay here for a bit. Maybe I’ll catch up with you guys later, okay?”
   I looked at her for a moment, suspecting something was up. “You go ahead, Rachel,” I said. “I’ll be right there.”
   Rachel nodded, gathered up her stuff, and headed for the door with her shoulders hunched and her eyes never leaving the floor. I really wished there was some way to give her more confidence — she was such a sweet girl, and smart. Always ahead of the rest of us in class, but never speaking up.
   “Are you going to do something stupid?” I asked as soon as Rachel was out of earshot.
“No, I’m going to do something smart.”
“You’re going to try to sneak into the forbidden section, aren’t you?”
   Sam shrugged. “It’s the perfect time — most of the staff will be going to the tryouts.”
   The forbidden section turned out to be a locked room on the second floor of the library — just a typical, wood-grain door — and Sam and I had watched some of the teachers go in there, so we knew the librarians kept the key in an unlocked drawer in the main reception desk.
“If you get caught —”
   “I won’t. I’ve been planning since I got here — most of the staff will go to watch the tryouts. So, there won’t be as many librarians — maybe none. If I can get them to leave the desk unattended, I can just grab the key and I’ll have all afternoon in there. This might be my best chance to find that book.”
“It might be your best chance to get expelled.” Sam shrugged.
   
   “My mom keeps asking if I’ve made any progress. I need to do something soon.”
   I sighed. Not only did I not want her to get in trouble, I wasn’t sure I wanted her to find that book — I mean, those books must be locked up for a reason, right? Probably because they were too dangerous for the students. On the other hand, she was my best friend at Willowmere.
 I looked around the library. There were still one or two students around, but most had left, and I couldn’t spot any of the staff except for one of the librarians, Magistra Whitman, at the reception desk where Sam needed to get the key.
“You want some help?”
Sam bit her lower lip and lowered her head. “Do you mind?”
   “I wouldn’t ask if I minded. I still think it’s probably dumb, but I’ll help if I can.”
   “Thanks.” She pulled a book from her backpack and showed it to me. “This is from the opposite end of the library — I was going to ask Magistra Whitman to help me find it, but couldn’t figure out how to stay at the desk while she went looking. If you were to say you’re going to the tryouts and ask if she could find it for you while you’re gone…”
“Sure,” I said, “I can do that.”
I pulled out my notebook and made a note of the title and author. “Say it’s for Magistra Fallowell’s potions class,” Sam said.
   “Got it,” I said, packing everything into my backpack and standing. “Just be careful, okay?”
“Hmph” Sam said, “you’re worried about me — you really do care.”
   I punched her in the shoulder. “Of course, I care … if you got expelled, they’d probably give me Cassandra as a roommate.”
   Sam laughed. “It would serve both of you right, I think.” She nodded toward the door and held up a fist. “Get going, I got sneaking to do.”
I bumped her fist and headed for the reception desk.
   “Hi, um, Magistra Whitman?” I asked, pulling the folded paper from my pocket.
“Yes, Magellus Ashe?”
   “Um, I need this book for Magistra Fallowell’s class,” I said, handing over the paper, “but I couldn’t find it on the shelves — could you tell me if someone has it checked out?”
   
   “Of course.” She took the paper and typed at her computer for a moment. “Hhmm — it should be there, unless someone’s taken it to study with here in the library.” She looked around the library. “With everyone gone to the tryouts, possibly it’s on a return cart — did you check there?”
   “Um, no, sorry.” I jerked my head at the doors closing behind the last of the students headed to the tryouts. “I was sort of, ah…”
   Magistra Whitman smiled and I felt bad about deceiving her like this, but Sam needed to get that key.
   “Why don’t you run along to watch the tryouts and I’ll check the return carts for you. Come back later today and I should have that book.”
“Thanks! I really appreciate it.” “Go enjoy yourself.”