CHAPTER THIRTY

“I DON’T OBJECT TO ANYTHING NOAH DID TO ME,” SAM WAS SAYING.
“Whatever it was.”
   Which was very odd because she had not been with Rachel and I at the park when zombie bugs attacked and we had to run to the Eiffel Tower during a thunderstorm so they’d be fried by the lightning that…
   “And you, Melaina,” Prima Rosethorn said, “you maintain you have no knowledge of how the girl’s had two new resonants added to her?”
   “It’s not a known effect of that potion — on the other hand, no one’s ever taken so much of it before.”
   Now the zombie bugs were really going to be in trouble with both Mel and Prima Rosethorn to fight them.
   “Well, Sororix Prescott is on her way, and we’ll see what she has to say about things.”
   “I’m an adult,” Sam said. “My mother has nothing to say in the matter.” “Oh, I’m sure your mother will have a great deal to say about a great number of things — and she is still your guardian, young lady. Until you’ve
joined a coven, at least.”
   I was beginning to think there was more going on here than the zombie bugs, so I tried to turn my head and see what the others were doing, but that just made me groan.
“Look out for the zombie bugs,” I muttered.
   “Ah, he’s awake,” Prima Rosethorn said, and I heard people moving closer to me.
I opened my eyes and squinted up at the infirmary’s bright lights.
   
“Did we beat the zombie bugs?”
“What are you talking about, Magellus Ashe?”
   I had a sudden clarity that I most likely had not just come from fighting zombie bugs beneath the Eiffel Tower with Rachel … who, if my hazy recollection was correct, had been more interested in getting me to eat a mint-frosted brownie than helping me with the bugs anyway. I took a moment to refile that as a dream, rather than a memory, which let me remember the last thing I’d been doing.
“Sam!” I cried out, struggling to sit up.
   A hand grasped my shoulder to push me back down, I think it was Mel, because both she and Prima Rosethorn were beside my bed now — I was on one of the other infirmary beds — but I shrugged it off and swung my legs over the side.
   “Noah, lay back down,” Mel said, but I ignored her and hopped off the bed … which, honestly, was a really bad idea.
   My knees started buckling but I managed to stagger to Sam’s bed where I could at least use it to hold myself up. My head was spinning and hurt like hell.
Sam looked almost as bad as I felt.
   Someone had put an exam gown on her, so at least she wasn’t still wearing the shirt Mel had torn open, but her hair was a lanky mess, still damp with sweat, so I assumed I hadn’t been out too long. There were still black flecks from the potion around her mouth, and she looked … small. Smaller than just short-Sam small.
   “I’m okay,” she said, but even her voice was smaller and she looked away from me, turning her head on the pillow.
   Shit, I thought — she might have just told Mel and Prima Rosethorn she didn’t object to what I’d done to her, but was she really pissed at me?
“Sam?”
   “Come on, dear,” Mel said, putting an arm around me, pulling me away then supporting me as she led me back to my bed. “You’ve both been through something very traumatic and you need rest. Both of you.”
I did, really — I collapsed back on my bed and closed my eyes. “Magellus Ashe,” Prima Rosethorn said, “I do need you to tell me what
happened first.”
“He needs rest,” Mel said.
   
   “The school is in an uproar, the night’s faire has been canceled, and Sororix Prescott is on her way to question us about what happened to her daughter. In addition, there are rumors already spreading about Magellus Ashe being a trinitara and, reportedly, having some unique ability to open a witch’s dormant resonants. We must be able to put those rumors to rest with the truth, no matter what that may be.” She took a deep breath. “So, Magellus Ashe, what exactly did you do to Magella Prescott?”
“He saved my life,” Sam said, “isn’t that enough?”
   “No one is discounting that,” Prima Rosethorn said, “but I do require an answer. Tell me everything that happened, from the time I left this room.”
   I opened my eyes and caught Mel’s gaze — who could probably make a fortune playing poker, because her face was entirely unreadable. I took a deep breath.
“Mel told me how to connect to Sam’s resonants and pull the mana —” “How did you get through her shields? Let’s start with that.”
   “Oh.” At least that was easier to answer. “I got them to crack a little bit, then I was able to get inside — our shields merged after that. Maybe because we’d been working together so much?”
   “How, exactly, did you get them to crack? That is not a skill for first-years.”
“Um, her shields always have a … well, a hollow spot, so I —”
   “A hollow spot where?” Prima Rosethorn asked. “If our students aren’t being taught proper shielding, I’ll have to address —”
   “Crone’s piles!” Sam yelled. “I make my boobs bigger, okay? Is that what you want to hear?”
   Prima Rosethorn turned away from me, but I could practically hear her eyebrow go up.
“Tone, Magella.”
“I’m sorry, Prima,” Sam said. “I just…”
“I understand.” Prima Rosethorn turned back to me. “And then?”
   “Um, I got inside her shields and there was all this … raw mana, I guess? So, Mel had me connect to her resonants.”
   I really hoped Prima Rosethorn didn’t ask me to describe that — the feelings were still very fresh and I didn’t want to talk about it where Sam could hear me. At least not in front of the teachers — maybe when we were alone, we could talk about it and she could tease me about how that was the
   
closest I’d get to sex with her or something … if she still wanted to talk to me at all, that is.
“And how many active resonants did she have at that point?”
   “Um, one, Prima — just her regular one. The other two were … dormant, it’s called?”
“Yes, what happened next?”
“I … pulled the raw mana from Sam into me.”
   “I imagine that’s when Samantha’s resonants opened,” Mel said. “Having raw mana pulled through them like that.”
Prima Rosethorn sniffed. “I see. Is that what happened, Magellus
Ashe?”
“Um, yeah, I think so? I … it was hard to pay attention just then.” “No doubt.”
I flushed and cleared my throat. It was clear Prima Rosethorn knew
exactly what I’d been experiencing at that point. “What happened next?”
   “Well, there was a lot of the raw mana and it took a while to pull it all, then it was … too much? It hurt a lot and I didn’t think I could hold it all and I didn’t want to blow up the school, so —” I heard a muffled sob from Sam’s bed. “Sam?”
“I’m fine.”
   She didn’t sound fine, and what I really wanted was for Mel and Prima Rosethorn to leave so we could talk — if she wanted to talk to me. If she didn’t, I wanted to know that so I could get moved to another room. I’d already done enough to her and didn’t want to put her through any more.
“Go on, Magellus.”
   I shrugged. “There’s not much more, I think. Mel had me push the mana back into Sam and I … passed out?”
Prima Rosethorn stared at me for a long time.
   “I see.” She nodded quickly. “So — we can say the opening of dormant resonants was, in fact, a side effect of taking the potion, releasing an uncontrollable amount of raw mana, which was then drained by a trinitara warlock. A set of almost certainly unique and quite dangerous circumstances and quite unlikely to be repeatable.”
“Repeatable?” I asked.
“Some will be quite interested in the result of this incident,” Prima
Rosethorn said. “The book in question has already been found and secured.
   
Relaying the unique and dangerous circumstances will, hopefully, prevent anyone with another copy from experimenting.”
   Mel cleared her throat. “I think it’s worth mentioning that, had Samantha been even slightly more powerful to begin with … the outcome would not have been desirable. This was only successful due to her having so little mana of her own at the start.”
“Yes, perhaps —”
Magistra Fallwhistle came into the infirmary, interrupting. “Magistrae — Sororix Prescott is here asking to see her daughter.”
   “I’ll speak to her and then show her in,” Prima Rosethorn said, leaving with Magistra Fallwhistle.
   “I’ll just be a moment,” Mel told them, then waited for the door to close before speaking to me quietly. “Noah, I’m afraid you being a trinitara is going to be common knowledge soon. There’s no easy way to explain what happened to Samantha without disclosing that — there’d be questions about how a third resonant could be involved at all if the warlock only had two. I’m also not certain Magistra Fallwhistle hasn’t said something about it already.”
“I kind of figured that,” I said.
Mel nodded. “I’m afraid things are going to change for you, dear.” “How?”
   “You’re now known to be even more valuable than simply an unaffiliated warlock. I’d expect the desire to recruit you to join a Family will increase. I imagine there’ll be even more pressure from the girls’ Families for them to get close to you and certain … offers may be made.”
“Offers?”
Mel raised an eyebrow. “Oh, offers, yeah.”
“Just be careful, dear. And a bit wary.”
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

SAM’S MOM SAT BY HER BEDSIDE FOR ABOUT AN HOUR, AND NEVER STOPPED
talking.
   I heard far more than I wanted to of the gossip in the Prescott Family. Sam seemed to feel the same way, because she kept throwing me desperate looks, but I could only shrug helplessly.
Finally, Sororix Prescott stood up.
   “I really must get back, Samantha,” she said. “I’m so glad you’re not harmed. And even helped, it seems. A trinitara witch! Imagine that. Perhaps now you can be of real value to the Family.”
   I felt a little surge of anger that Sam had gone through so much to gain more power because she thought it would make her more favored in this woman’s eyes, and still she says something like that.
   Sororix Prescott bent a little toward Sam who was reclining in the exam bed, stopped, smiled in a way that seemed to hurt her, then leaned in and gave Sam a hug.
   She held that for a moment, then hurried to the door pausing long enough to turn around and give Sam a little wave, then she was gone.
Then Sam and I were alone for the first time since … it happened.
   I watched her from my bed, wondering if she was okay with what I’d done.
Sam stared at the door for a long time.
   Then she suddenly pulled her knees up and bent forward to bury her face in her arms and started crying.   
   Shit, I thought. Is she upset about what I did? I don’t know if I should go over and console her or not.
   Sam sobbed again and I couldn’t just sit by even if it was me she was angry at.
   I swung my legs over the edge and stood up, then took the few shaky steps over to stand by Sam’s bed. Her shoulders shook more as she heard me there. I lightly set one hand on her back and she felt so small, like the ordeal we’d just been through had made her shrink into herself.
“Sam, I’m sorr —”
   Sam turned toward me wrapped her arms around me and buried her face in my chest, sobbing.
I kept one hand on her back and stroked her hair with the other. Something told me to keep quiet and let her get it out, so I stood there,
and stroked her hair as she sobbed harder.
   After some time, the sobs got farther and farther apart, then were finally reduced to little hiccups.
   “Do … you know … the last time … that woman hugged me?” Sam asked between hiccups.
“No,” I whispered.
Sam took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Then another.
   “I was seven. It was right before the testing … the testing that showed I was … a onesie. I barely saw her after that.”
I held her tighter. She breathed deeply again. “Do you know what she told me before she left?” “What?”
   “She said, ‘You should have enough power to mark that feral now.’” Sam shuddered. “I did all that. I nearly died. I nearly … killed you.” She shuddered again and hugged me tighter. “All so I could have enough power that she would love me again, and she just wants more!”
Sam tried to control the sobs with another deep breath, but failed. “Why won’t she love me, Noah?”
   I couldn’t say anything to that, but I did know I wanted to have Samantha’s mother in front of me right then so that I could point her at a brick wall and tell her to get away from me. Instead, I just held Sam and stroked her hair until she stopped sobbing and pulled away from me to sit back in her bed.   
   I pulled a chair over to sit next to her, and she took my hand as I sat down.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“It’s okay — that’s what friends are for.”
Sam shook her head. “No, I’m sorry about your shirt — I snotted it.”
   I looked down and sure enough my shirt had a big wet slimy spot on it. It looked so ridiculous and disgusting, that I had to laugh, and that set Sam off laughing too in that sort of hysterical laughter that comes when you just had a bout of crying.
   Sam kept laughing for a minute, then sobered. She looked away from me, licked her lips, and started to say something, but she stopped and frowned.
“What?”
She swallowed hard. “I want to ask you something… but I don’t…” “You want to ask me something that you don’t want to ask me?”
   She shook her head. “I want to ask you something, but I don’t want to screw up … you and me.”
   I smiled and squeezed her hand. “Sam, you’re the best friend I’ve ever had — I would happily strangle any number of strangers if you ask me to. If I know them, we’ll have to talk about it a bit. If it’s your mother, I’ll pay you cash money.”
Sam chuckled. “No strangling.” “So?”
Sam took a deep breath. “I want you to mark me.”
“IF … if you want to, I mean,” Sam whispered. She folded her hands in her lap and stared down at them. “You said you wanted to start your own coven and I have three resonants now … I’m not as useless as I was and —”
I reached out and pressed my fingers to her lips.
   “That’s your mom talking and she’s a bitch,” I said. “You’re not any more useful now than you were before.” Sam’s lips twitched beneath my fingers. “Okay, yeah, that didn’t come out right.”
I wished I’d made that mistake on purpose, because it got a smile out of
“Anyway,” I said, taking my fingers away from her lips. “I haven’t really thought about the coven thing, because of what Prima Rosethorn said about getting expelled.”
   “Not now,” Sam said. “Not here. I don’t want to get expelled either. Not now.” She looked away. “I was thinking, maybe at the Solstice.”
“Christmas? How does that not get us expelled?” Sam grinned. “So that’s a yes?”
I laughed. “Of course it’s a yes — if you really want to.”
   She nodded. “I do. You said you want to be an independent coven and I want to be part of that — my Family, my mother —” She shook her head, grin failing. “I just can’t anymore.”
   I put my hand over hers. “So how does Christmas keep us from being expelled? And why not Halloween if it’s about a holiday?”
   “Samhain, and that’s … more about fun — that’s why we stay here at school. Some covens will work their darker rituals on Samhain, but the winter solstice is more spiritual. The spring equinox is about rebirth, but the winter solstice is about the promise and hope of that rebirth — it’s the longest night. It can either be the darkest time, or the most hopeful.”
   I nodded. “Okay, but how does doing it then keep us from being expelled?”
   “We’ll be on solstice break,” Sam said. “She can’t expel us for something we do when we’re not at school — on solstice break our mothers, well, The Blackwood for you, will be responsible for us.” She paused and looked away. “If… If you really want to, that is. I don’t want to force you into it. Or make you feel like you have to. It’s just if I’m in a coven, then I belong to the coven and not to her.”
   I paused to think about it. I’d learned enough about the covens to know that the whole marking thing was a big deal. Sam and I would be tied together forever … and that really didn’t bother me. If I wanted to live in the witches’ world, I was apparently going to have to be tied that way to a whole coven, and I couldn’t think of any witch I’d rather start that with than Sam.
   “Prima Rosethorn might not be able to expel us, but she still won’t be happy,” I said, brow furrowed. “And your mother will be pissed. Mel, too, probably.”   
   “Yeah, but pissing off my mother’s a bonus. I’m a little scared about pissing off The Blackwood, though.”
   “I get that — I can handle Mel, I think. Are you sure though? You’re okay to be tied to me, basically, forever?”
“Do you not want —”
   “Stop,” I interrupted her, realizing we were going round-and-round trying to be sure the other one really wanted to. “You’re my best friend, and I don’t see that changing. Do you think there’s any chance we’re not going to be part of each other’s lives? Because if you do, I’m going to have to smack you.”
Sam’s eyes clenched shut and she turned away from me. “You bastard, I was done crying.”
She turned back to me. “Thank you.”
I cleared my throat.
“Um, does this mean we’re gonna — you know?” “Ew! Yeah, it does. Let’s not make it weird though.”
“I’m just going to point out, saying ew about it makes it weird.”