She came around to my side of Sam’s bed and laid a hand on my shoulder.   
   “Noah, I’m not exaggerating that this will be the most painful, dangerous thing you’ve ever done. Your mana stores are still new, barely fully formed, and you’re going to have to stretch them to the utmost.”
“I don’t understand, but I’ll do it.”
   “You need to understand, or I can’t allow it. Think of your mana stores like muscles, dear. Exercise builds muscle, just as stretching and expanding your stores with more mana makes them larger — and, just as with muscles, that building causes damage and pain. That’s what the soreness after exercise is — your muscles have been stretched and torn, damaged, and then rebuild themselves, adding new muscle as they repair the damage. In the case of your stores, this will be like taking your body to a professional body builder’s state in a matter of minutes. What should take years, possibly decades, all at once.”
“Okay, I get it — unbelievably painful and dangerous. Let’s go.”
   It’s not like I wasn’t scared — I was. What Mel described sounded horrible and I was imagining having the aftereffects of years, decades, worth of workouts inflicted on me at once. No matter how scary, though, I couldn’t say no — not just because I cared about Sam, but because I was partly responsible. I’d helped her get the book, I’d given her the … essence
— this was partly my fault for helping her and I had to fix it or I’d never forgive myself.
   Mel straightened and grasped Sam’s shirt, pulling it open and snapping the buttons. They hit the tile floor with clacking that seemed oddly loud.
   “Put your hands here —” she took my left hand and put it on Sam’s chest just above her bra. “— And here.” She put my right hand on Sam’s stomach just below her bellybutton.
“You and Samantha have been partners; you know her shields?” I nodded.
“You need to get inside them, whatever that takes.”
   I nodded again, then closed my eyes and concentrated on seeing our shields like we did in class.
   Sam’s shields seemed stretched and hard, more like a shell than something she wore.
   I opened my own and let my power reach out — there was no give like there usually was. Every other time I’d touched someone’s shields — Mel’s, Sam’s, even my own — they had a pliable feel. Sam’s didn’t. It was like the difference between touching a basketball and a bowling ball. I let my power creep along her shields, looking for any way in — any crack or crevice in the hard shell. I felt around — Sam always made her shields a little bit … bigger over her chest. I’d teased her about it over and over. That always left a gap between her shields and skin, so I concentrated there, putting more and more pressure on the hard shell around her until I felt it give.
   There — I let my own power enter the tiny crack and pull it apart just a bit — I exerted more force and felt the hard shields around Sam stretch a bit. More force, and more stretching. If I could just get a bit inside them, she wouldn’t be able to keep me out.
Suddenly, Sam’s shields cracked and I could see her.
   I gasped, shocked. With the talk of enhancing power, I’d expected something bright — even too bright to look at. But Sam was full of darkness — a greasy, oily darkness that flowed through her and filled her.
Filled her too much, because it felt like she was ready to explode. “What do you see?” Mel asked.
   “It’s like she’s filled with oil,” I said. “Too much, it’s like it’s going to explode.”
   “That’s the raw mana,” Mel said. “She should’ve filtered it through her own emotions, but it must’ve been too much, too fast, and overwhelmed her before she had a chance.”
“Raw?” Magistra Fallwhistle asked. “You didn’t say it produced raw
mana — what are you thinking? He can’t draw that off! No one can!” “He can,” Mel said. “He’s of my line.”
“What difference does that make?”
   “We were always close to the Goddess,” Mel said. “Closer to the source.”
   “What should I do?” I asked, interrupting a lot of stuff I really didn’t care about in that moment.
Magistra Fallwhistle backed away, staring at us like we were crazy. Mel nodded. “I want you to connect your resonants to hers.”
“But she only has one —”
   “Look closer, you can see the space for three — the other two?” Mel asked. “They’re dormant, but should be there.”
   I looked closer, trying to see beyond the inky darkness that filled Sam and thought I saw what Mel meant. They weren’t that much smaller than her active resonant store, testimony to how little mana she’d actually generated and stored over her life.   
“Okay, yeah, I see them I think.”
   “You can still connect to those — you’re going to be pulling that raw mana out of her through her resonants,” Mel said. “Take it into yourself and filter it through your own — you don’t have to think about that, it will happen automatically as you draw it into your own stores.”
“Connect? How do I do that?”
   “It’s a bit different for everyone — it’ll depend on how you visualize your power and interact with it. Just think about connecting and trust your instincts.”
Great, I thought. I get to improv saving my friend’s life.
   I thought about it, picturing Sam’s resonants and trying to will a connection to them. I thought I was getting nowhere, but then I had the oddest feeling. It was like sliding inside something warm and welcoming. And I felt it three times.
And, dammit, my dick twitched.
It felt like what I imagined sex would feel like.
I could feel Sam surrounding some part of me — three parts of me. I groaned.
“I take it you’ve got something?” Mel asked.
   I nodded, not trusting my voice, because it felt so good, and I hoped Mel and Magistra Fallwhistle couldn’t tell what I was feeling. If she could, Mel didn’t give any indication.
   “Now I want you to think about that raw mana in Samantha and draw it toward yourself. Much as you do with ambient mana. Like you’re sucking it out through those resonant connections.” She paused. “Noah, raw mana is very volatile. It doesn’t want to be controlled, but you must convince it.”
“Convince it?”
   “Mana comes from the Goddess,” Mel said. She had the same sad look she always got when she talked about the witches’ Goddess — like she was talking about some old friend who’d died or something. “She’ll help … if you ask her. Now start to draw it into you.”
   I groaned again, because before Mel had even finished speaking, I’d begun to do just that. It was like draining an ice-cold bottle of soda on a hot summer day, except the bottle never emptied and you never needed to breathe. It just went on, and on, filling me, satisfying a craving that never lessened.   
   “Draw it into yourself,” Mel said, “and fill your resonants.” She paused. “Noah, whatever it feels like now, it’s going to hurt soon.” I could hear her swallow and lick her lips before continuing.
   I groaned again, because the thought of Mel licking her lips and swallowing made my dick twitch again, and I realized it was completely hard. Beyond hard — and I worried that it might burst through the fabric of my trousers that it was already straining against.
   Then I realized that Mel and Magistra Fallwhistle were right across the table from me and could see whatever tent I was making in my pants.
   Then I realized I didn’t care if they could see that, because I’d be perfectly happy to strip down and let them have a look at it without anything in the way before bending them both over Magistra Fallwhistle’s desk and —Whoa, where is that coming from? I thought.
   I drew my attention back to what was happening and not just reveling in the sensations, and saw I’d already, I guess instinctively, begun filtering the raw mana I drew from Sam into my own resonants — starting, it seemed, with Lust which was filling rapidly.
   “Remember to try to keep them balanced,” Mel said. “You’ll feel any one of your resonants less if you keep them in balance — too much in one and it will affect you.”
   I tried to concentrate on the flowing power and divert about equal amounts to each of my resonants. Gradually the Lust eased and I felt my erection, not soften, but not seem like it was going to start dragging me around the room looking for satisfaction.
   “Your resonants are going to fill, Noah. And then they’re going to stretch — you’re going to think that you can’t take anymore, but you must endure. Remember, your resonants are like a muscle, if you use them, they grow — you’re just going to use them a lot in a very short time. Do you understand?”
I nodded.
   “You need to take it all, no matter how much it hurts. Until there is nothing of that raw mana left in Samantha.”
“All of it? Won’t that hurt her?”
   “No, she’ll be fine so long as you’re connected to her, and we’ll be sure she’s okay before you withdraw. We just need to get all of the raw power out of her and let her own system recover. So long as you can hold it, we’ll be fine.”
“And what if I can’t?”
   “There are things we can try if that happens, but don’t worry about it right now.”
   “I’m already kind of worried about it — so what if the other things don’t work?”
   Mel shrugged. “Then the world’s conspiracy theorists will have a wonderful time explaining the lack of a crater.”
   I thought about it for only a moment before realizing that none of what could happen would make any difference to me now.
“Okay.”
   The pain came quicker than I thought it would. I tried to keep my resonants balanced, but soon couldn’t concentrate enough to think about it as they filled and stretched and I felt that I was going to burst apart.
   It was the worst pain, the worst anything, I’d ever experienced. Like my entire body was swollen, skin tight and about to split. I thought I clenched my jaw, but couldn’t tell with everything else I was feeling.
   The pain grew and went on and on, until I started to think I might rather die than continue — but that would mean Sam died too, and I wouldn’t allow that. I remembered what Mel had said — convince it? Ask the Goddess? Would the witches’ Goddess, if she was real, even listen to me? Did I have a choice?
   I’d never prayed before — my foster parents weren’t much on religion and likely wouldn’t have taken us to a church, even if any of us had wanted to go, so it’s not like I had a template to work from.
   So, um, Goddess? I thought. Hi, I’m Noah — you probably know that, right? Omniscient or something? Anyway, I need your help — Sam needs your help. I don’t know if you’re real, but I know Sam believes in you — she talks about you all the time. Yeah, mostly it’s swearing by your nipples and farts and stuff, but that’s just Sam, you know?
   Another wave of pain ran through me and I tensed up. I think I might have popped something in my brain, because I smelled fresh grass. And flowers, and earth, and fresh-baked bread. Did that mean I’d had four aneurysms?
   When that wave passed, or not passed, but I’d taken it enough to get used to it for a second while I waited for the next, I kept praying.   
   Sam loves you and trusts you. And Mel — she looks so sad when she talks about you, like she’s lost a part of herself — I don’t know what’s up with that, but I know she believes in you and loves you, because no one could look that hurt over someone they don’t love.
   I nearly screamed. It felt like someone had stuffed a balloon covered in broken glass inside me and was inflating it more and more. Three balloons. I didn’t even want to look at my resonant stores, because I was sure they were about to burst.
Please help me? Please help her?
   I remembered what the girls had told me about the Veil — that there’d been a ritual and a sacrifice? Did the witches’ Goddess demand that? It didn’t feel right, but —
   If you need to, you can take me instead? I’m okay with that — just, please, she’s my best friend and … I love her.
   I did scream then — it was too much. My insides were being ripped apart.
   I couldn’t do it — I couldn’t take any more, and Sam was going to die. I was going to die. Probably Mel and Magistra Fallwhistle were going to die, because I was too weak.
“Hold it, Noah,” Mel said from the other side of the exam table.
   I heard Magistra Fallwhistle beside her. “You should never have let him try this.”
My eyes were clenched shut and I felt tears rolling down my face. I screamed again, then there were hands on me.
   Someone laid a hand atop each of mine where they laid on Sam’s body. Someone else stroked the back of my neck and brushed back the sweat-damp hair that had fallen over my face. Lips brushed my cheek where the tears streamed. Arms looped around my waist, holding me tight.
The pain didn’t lessen — it grew, but my strength grew with it.
   I don’t know how long that went on, it seemed like forever, then it eased, but only in the sense that things weren’t being stretched any further, they’d only stopped.
“Hold it, Noah,” Mel whispered. “You can hold it.”
I shook my head, I had to let it out somehow or I was going to explode. “You can do it, Noah.”
   It was like trying not to vomit or the last few feet to the toilet when you had to go really bad.   
“I … can’t…”
   “Very well — Magistra Fallwhistle, please rush to the cafeteria and get me a five-pound box of salt,” Mel said.
“Salt?” both I and Magistra Fallwhistle asked at the same time
I didn’t know what the hell Mel could want with salt at the time like this
— just the thought of salt made my stomach churn, as though the mana was filling my physical body as well and wanted out any way possible.
   “I need to create a circle to help him contain this,” Mel said. “Please, hurry, I don’t know how much time we have.”
   I heard the clatter of Magistra Fallwhistle’s heels and then the infirmary door slammed.
   “What … circle?” I asked trying to distract myself from what I was feeling.
   “What? Oh, there’s no circle needed. I just wanted to get her out of here so there are no witnesses.”
   “Witnesses? What about the other witches?” There had to be others — there’d been too many hands on me to just be Mel and the nurse.
   “We’re alone now, Noah, and that’s good because no one can know what’s about to happen,” Mel said. “Now, listen carefully, dear. When they ask you, tell them that you had nothing to do with this. It must have been an effect of the potion, but it certainly wasn’t anything you did. Do you understand?”
“No…”
   “I’m going to have you do something — I’m nearly certain you can, the ability runs in my line, our line — but it is not something anyone, anyone at all, can know of. It’s not a greater secret than your Control resonant, but very close.” She paused. “No, it is a greater secret — Control will just make them want to kill you. This? For this they’ll do anything to have you.”
“That’s not comforting.”
   “We’ll claim it was an effect of pulling the wild mana through Samantha’s resonants, not what you are about to do. Do you understand the gravity of this?”
   I nodded. I really didn’t, because I was having way too much trouble concentrating, but I trusted Mel. I did hope, though, that the secret shit that could get me killed or worse would just come all at once instead of being dumped on me over and over again.
“Tell me,” Mel said. “When they ask, what do you say?”   
   “I don’t know how it happened, maybe it was the potion, I didn’t do anything,” I repeated stiffly, trying to control the power struggling to get out of me.
   “Good,” Mel said. “Now, I want you to push the power you’ve taken back into Samantha.”
   I shook my head — immediately regretting it, because my vision spun. “That will… There’s too much.”
   I blinked after a quick glance at my own resonants — they’d stretched and grown to the point that they nearly filled half my torso. Sam’s resonant was … so small. She couldn’t hold even a tiny fraction of what was trying to escape me.
   “I know. You need to push it into all three of her resonants and expand them as well.”
I shook my head. “No, she only has one.” “You’re going to open the others.” “What?”
   “Pushing that mana back into Samantha is going to open her other two resonants.”
“I can do that?”
   “You are of my line, dear. I honestly don’t know how — I thought all my children had perished long, long ago — but you are. You can do this, but no one other than the three of us, you, me, and possibly Samantha if she ever questions it, must ever know.”
“Why?”
   This made no sense — if a warlock could open up dormant resonants and make a witch a trinitara, wouldn’t that be good?
   “Noah, a free warlock is desirable to the Families, a trinitara more so. A warlock with Command would be valuable to the Family that binds him. A warlock who can fill that Family with trinitaras? At will? He is a danger to the balance of power. It would terrify them — every Family except his would band together to destroy them all. It might even be enough to bring the other races into the conflict. It would be bloody war behind the Veil and could well spill over into the mundane world.”
   “Ah, fuck,” I moaned in the most bizarre question I could ever imagine myself saying. “Could I not just be a normal warlock?”
“There are no normal warlocks of my line, dear. Get used to it.”   
   Another wave of pain ran through me. “Never mind, just tell me what to do before I spew mana out of every orifice, please?”
   “Listen carefully, Noah,” Mel said. “You have a decision to make about Samantha’s resonants — the ones that you open are going to mirror your own.”
“What does that mean?”
   “When you connect your resonants to hers, her primary will cancel out whatever’s connected to it — it will just accept the mana since you’ve refined it. But opening her dormant ones will set their resonance. You need to make a choice — you’re Samantha’s friend and you know her best of either of us, so you have to decide which of your three resonants you’ll mirror into her.”
   I’d have complained about that, too, but the pain was growing to much and I needed to get this done.
   I thought about that choice. Lust was a no-brainer; Sam would love having that — especially paired with the Love she already resonated with. I grinned as I thought of her finding some hot young thing with big boobs and a tight ass and really falling in love with her to fill two resonants to the brim.
The other was a harder decision.
   Finally, I decided that Sam would never want to face the sort of fear and wariness that came with the Control resonant. She loved other people too much to be able to take it.
   Our resonants were already connected that way, as I’d first set my primary, Control, against hers.
“Okay,” I said.
   “You’re sure?” Mel asked. “This is a fundamental change for her. Make your best choice.”
I nodded.
   “All right, now start forcing the mana back into her — try to keep it equal, as you did taking it from her. Keep her in balance so that her resonant stores expand at the same rate. There’s going to be resistance, but you need to push against it. It’s going to hurt her as much as taking it in hurt you, so do it quickly and don’t draw it out — and stop when you feel you can contain what’s left. Don’t give her more than you must.”
“No pressure,” I muttered. “And, Noah?”
“What?”
   “This is going to feel quite different for you, dear. Try to contain yourself.”
“What, worse?”
“Not exactly. Stop dawdling, dear, and get started.”
   I grumbled, but started pushing power into Sam, and then groaned with both the easing of the pressure I felt and the sensation of the power flowing out of me into her. Mel was right — it was very different.
   This no longer hurt, at least for me. It was like a long, drawn-out orgasm — only I was feeling three of them, one for each resonant, and I began to really understand the witches’ fascination with their rule of three.
   I started to wonder what it would be like to do this while also having sex — and then realized that’s exactly what the covens did. The orgy-thing suddenly made a lot more sense. If the amount of mana being transferred had been a normal amount, instead of ripping me, and now Sam, apart to stretch our mana stores, it would have been the most intense pleasure I’d ever known.
   I felt Sam shudder, and almost stopped, but Mel said, “Until you can contain what’s left easily. Don’t stop, no matter what, until you reach that point.”
I grunted and kept going.
   The pressure inside me eased and I could start to think better. The sensation from filling Sam didn’t ease though, if anything the absence of that pressure and swelling of my stores made the other things I was feeling more intense.
Sam was shuddering beneath my hands. “Oh, fuck,” I moaned.
Mel cleared her throat, but didn’t say anything else.
   I opened my eyes, no longer needing to concentrate on not exploding, and saw how this was affecting Sam. Her face was contorted in pain and her whole body was tense and straining. She was dripping with sweat — streams of it running off her face and body. The sight made me want to stop, but I didn’t think I could contain the amount of mana I still had inside me.
   In fact, part of me wanted to fill her more — I wanted to be inside her, filling her. My eyes locked on her open shirt and exposed skin, causing that urge to grow, but I knew Mel would stop me if I started stripping our
   
clothes off. And that neither Sam nor I would ever forgive me if I did that, so I pushed down the urge.
   Then a new feeling erupted in me. My jaw ached and I longed to bend over and latch my teeth on that creamy flesh — somehow, I knew if I did that, I could pour more mana, more power, into Sam in a way that would be
… exquisite. I growled and bent forward. “Ow!”
   “That’s the marking urge,” Mel said after pinching my earlobe hard. “Resist it.”
“What the hell?”
   I was pretty sure my ear was bleeding, but I didn’t want to break the physical connection I had with Sam to check.
   “It would have come when you were drawing the mana out of her if she’d resisted — luckily, she’s unconscious and didn’t. Now you should have enough self-control to avoid it.”
   Marking. Yeah, I didn’t want to come out of this with a coven — not without Sam’s consent. I tried to relax my jaw and not think about it as I continued to push mana into her.
   Eventually, things eased until I felt I could draw a breath and I slowed the flow of power into Sam. I looked at her and she had three bulging, glowing resonance stores, each the size of a baseball.
   I stopped the flow. My knees buckled and I had to catch myself with my elbows on the exam table to hold myself up.
I looked up at Mel.
“Is it enough?” I asked.
   My vision darkened to a small oval of her face as she nodded, then it all went away.