CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

“TOWNIES, YOU THINK?” ONE OF THE SHADOWY FIGURES ASKED.
“Not invited, for sure,” one of the two behind us said.
Hannah drew closer to me and I released her hand to put my arm around her.
“Do you have any magic that could help us out?” I whispered to her. Hannah shook her head. “My affinity’s Hindsight. I’m not much good at anything else.”
   I didn’t know what Hindsight was, but if I did it would probably be telling me we should have walked back through the main party.
   I had Command, which I wasn’t going to use around Hannah, and might not be able to use on four guys, even mundanes. I’d also learned some spells I didn’t have an affinity for — fire, where I could probably set someone’s hair on fire before the other three jumped me, and Mel had been trying to teach me a little bit of glamour in order to make myself less noticeable to witches when I was off-campus, but she said something, possibly a passive affinity, was making that difficult for me and I didn’t think I’d be able to hide both myself and Hannah from four guys, even if they were mundanes.
“Party crashers have to pay the toll,” the first guy to speak said.
   “What toll?” I started to feel relieved — I had a little cash with me and maybe Hannah had some, if they only wanted money.
“Let’s start with the girl’s tits. Show us.”
   “Not a chance,” I said, moving in front of Hannah and turning so that I could keep all four in sight.
   
   Unfortunately, that put our backs to one of the concession building’s walls and the four guys closed in to make a half-circle around us.
   The guy who’d been doing the talking had dark hair and a dark leather jacket and his partner had lighter hair and an athletics jacket — I figured him for football, since he was the shortest of the four and unlikely to be playing basketball.
   The two who’d come up behind us were visible in the light now. One was wearing sweats — why he’d wear that to a party, I don’t know. The other was big. Really big. Both tall and broad, with a round face and no discernible neck.
   “This’ll go one of two ways,” Leader said. “You can step aside and you’ll get your girlfriend back when we’re done with her — or we can kick your ass first and then you get your girlfriend back when we’re done with her.”
Sweats came up to us and got right in my face. “Which way you want to go?” he asked, grinning.
   I hate bullies, but I was also realistic. There was no way I was getting out of this without getting hurt, so the question really was how hurt would I have to get for Hannah to get away?
   Sweats was a no-brainer, because he was right in my face. The two who’d been in front of us were still more toward that direction, so that was two-to-one if Hannah ran that way. One-to-one if I could take one of them out after Sweats — maybe Leader, since he seemed to be in charge. But that would leave Hannah trying to outrun Jock, and it was all open space from here to the tree line and the path back to Willowmere. Football or basketball, he could probably catch her.
   Back the way we’d come, to the beach, there were people. Couples on the beach, and if she could get farther, then the main party. Even if the mundane college kids wouldn’t help her, the Willowmere girls would.
But that way led past No-Neck.
   I resigned myself to spending some time in Magistra Fallwhistle’s clinic and yelled for Hannah to run as I brought my knee up into Sweats’ groin.
   Sweats doubled over, so I grabbed the back of his head and brought my knee up again, this time into his face as I shoved his head down. Something crunched and he screamed. I shoved him at Leader and Jock, hoping to tangle one or both of them up.
   
   I felt Hannah move behind me and I charged No-Neck to try and give her a clear path.
   The closer I got, the bigger he seemed, until I was close enough for him to swing — which wasn’t anywhere near close enough for me to swing.
I’d been hoping No-Neck was slow because of how big he was. He wasn’t — I also wasn’t expecting him to be left-handed.
   I tried to dodge, but he caught me with a wide, looping left hook that struck the side of my head and sent me entirely off my feet, crashing to the ground. Then a foot caught me in the gut, driving the air out of me and lifting me off the ground to crash again.
   I tried to get up, managed to get to one knee, then something hit the back of my head, driving my face into the gravel, and it all went dark.



“HOLD HER!”
“What was that shit? What’d she do to Lenny?” “Fuck if I know — just hold her!”
“Lenny — you okay?”
“Bitch knocked me into a fucking wall! I’m going to kill her!” “Kill her later — hold her down now!”
“Ooof! Fuck I said hold her!”
“I’ve got both her arms, what’d she hit you with?” “Fuck if I know but it hurt!”
Crack!
“Careful — don’t break her jaw yet, we’re just getting started.” “Little cunt hit me, I’m gonna — ow! Fuck! Put it out! Put it out!” “Hold her fucking hands! She’s got a lighter or something!”
“I am holding her hands! She ain’t got no lighter!” “Then how’d my hair get burnt?”
Crack!
“Fucking bitch!”
   I was hearing everything, but I couldn’t move. I couldn’t open my eyes, couldn’t get off the gravel.
   Even with my eyes closed, though, I could sense Hannah using mana as best she could. Little spurts as her body generated it — she must have used
   
whatever she had stored already and now was nearly out.
   I saw a brief puff of fire magic, less than I’d use to light a candle, and one of the guys yelped, but I didn’t smell anything more than the singed hair scent that already permeated the alley.
I heard tearing cloth and Hannah cried out, quickly muffled. “Keep a hand over her mouth. Nice tits, little bitch.”
“Hurry up and get her pants off — we don’t have all fucking night.” “Stop squirming! What’d you think you were gonna get coming to a
Kappa party?”
   I got a palm flat on the gravel near my chest and pushed, rolling myself toward the voices and finally getting my eyes open.
   Hannah was on the ground, arms over her head — Sweats was crouched there, one hand and a knee keeping her hands pinned while he covered her mouth with his other hand.
   Her jacket gaped open and her shirt had been torn to reveal her breasts, her bra just pushed up so that the bottom band crossed her left breast, putting a deep crease in it.
   Leader straddled her hips, groping at her, while Jock worked her pants down to her knees and kept tugging.
The big guy, No-Neck, stood by watching.
   I gathered what mana I had — there wasn’t much since I didn’t generate my own. I still picked up some around campus and I’d gotten a good charge from walking through the party crowd, but I’d long since realized Mel was right about ambient mana not being enough. I had more than after a visit to a strip club, but not by much.
   Still, I took what I had, formed my intent, and forced it out at the four men — the time for worrying about hiding my Control resonant and Command affinity had ended some time ago.
“Stop,” I ordered them.
“Asshole’s awake. Lenny, take care of him.” Nobody stopped.
I pushed more mana into my intent.
This time, unlike the mugger in the alley, I could see what I was doing.
   Mana left my resonant stores, streamed toward the four men in long threads, but the threads were thin and glowed only dimly, and my resonant stores were rapidly being depleted.
   
   I could make a guy run into a wall until he killed himself, but I couldn’t stop these four douchebags? What was different?
No-Neck turned toward me, I guess he was Lenny.
Shit.
   My head was still fuzzy — it’d probably only take one hit for me to go out again and then Hannah would be on her own.
   Lenny took two steps toward me and I knew I’d have to take care of him first so I redirected my mana and will toward only him — the four dim threads combined into one, thicker and brighter, and that one attached itself to Lenny.
“Stop,” I said.
Lenny stopped coming toward me. “What the fuck?”
   I could see Lenny struggling. His face contorted and what he had in place of a neck turned red, veins and tendons standing out as he fought against the command I’d given him.
“Carlos! Something weird’s going on!”
Fuck! What was I supposed to do if I could only control one of them?
   “Just put him out again!” Leader, who I guess was Carlos, yelled, reaching behind him to grope Hannah between the legs. She kicked at Jock as he tried to get her jeans off over her shoes and bucked beneath Carlos.
“I can’t!” Lenny said.
My resonant stores had dropped by half what they’d started with already
— I didn’t have time to figure out how to do this, so … brute force?
   “Lenny —” I threw more mana into the bond I’d made with the big man. “— beat the shit out of Carlos.”
   Lenny turned and strode toward the group while I struggled to my feet, pouring more mana down the link.
“What the — urk!”
   Lenny got there, grabbed Carlos by the throat, and lifted him off Hannah before slamming him to the ground.
I got to my feet and staggered a little.
“Hey! Lenny, what the fuck are you doing?” That was Jock.
   The link to Lenny felt … better. Easier, maybe, and I thought I was probably overdoing it before. I might not be able to control four, but one was no problem … so maybe two?
   
“Hey! You!” I called. “Jock!”
The dumbfuck actually looked at me.
   I redirected half the stream of mana I was sending at Lenny to Jock and pushed more down both. I wouldn’t be able to keep this up for long — the mana in my resonant stores was dropping fast.
“Kick Sweats’ ass,” I told Jock.
   My intent must have been enough to get past me not knowing either name, as Jock let go of Hannah’s jeans and leapt at Sweats, knocking him backward.
I staggered toward Hannah.
   She scrambled backward until her back was to the concession stand’s wall and stared at me with wide eyes.
   “Hannah,” I almost fell as I got to one knee beside her — the beating I’d taken from Lenny and the outpouring of mana were getting to me. “Hey, we need to get out of here.”
“Please don’t hurt me,” she whimpered.
   “Hannah, it’s okay — it’s me, Noah. You’re safe, but we need to get out of here. Here, let me help —”
I reached for her arm to help her stand.
   “No!” She scrambled down the wall away from me. “I won’t tell — I won’t tell, I promise.”
   There were thuds coming from around us where Lenny was straddling Carlos’ legs, driving blow after blow into the man’s stomach. Jock was doing the same, only his blows were landing on Sweats’ face.
   I didn’t even think of stopping them, not when I heard the crunch and not when I heard Lenny, who seemed to be taking my command literally, chanting “Please, dude, please shit so I can stop,” his voice raspy with tears. “Hannah,” I said, staying where I was so I wouldn’t frighten her again.
“I can’t hold them long — we have to go.”
“I didn’t see it,” she whimpered. “I didn’t see it. I won’t tell.”
Fuck. “Hannah —”
   “I didn’t see you use it — I didn’t see! I won’t tell — please don’t hurt me. Noah, please, I won’t tell.”
A chill went through me.
   I looked at Hannah’s face. Tears streamed down her cheeks, her eyes were wide, pupils huge, her lips trembling with fear.
   
Not of the men who’d just attacked her. Of me.
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

I BACKED  AWAY.
I didn’t know what else to do — I backed away from my friend. “Hannah, I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Please.”
I moved back further and pointed toward tree line.
   “I won’t hurt you, Hannah, get back to campus.” I felt Lenny struggle through the link I had with him and had to push more mana down that line as he fought me. “I can’t hold them much longer, Hannah, please.”
“I won’t tell.”
“I don’t fucking care if you tell, I just want you safe. Go!”
   I didn’t use Command — I had nothing of that left, throwing everything I had into the links with Lenny and Jock — but Hannah took off.
   She managed to get to her feet, hopping a couple times as she pulled her jeans up, then ran for the trees.
I stood up slowly and paused.
   I didn’t want her to think I was chasing her — she was scared enough already.
   What had I been thinking? Mel had told me what witches thought of Control and Command. Sam’s reaction was … because she was Sam. She just didn’t think the same way as most witches. Hannah did — and most witches were terrified of what I could do.
   There was another crunch as Jock drove his fist into Sweats’ face and Lenny was sobbing as he beat on Carlos’ stomach.
I staggered toward the trees.
   
   It became harder and harder to keep the links to Lenny and Jock the farther I got from them, but I didn’t let go until I was halfway to the trees. I didn’t think either would come after me and I didn’t know if Carlos and Sweats were dead. I thought they might be, which meant Lenny and Jock were going to have more to worry about than catching up with me — even if not dead, the two were going to have a hard time explaining to the police how their two friends had been bludgeoned while their own hands showed exactly who did it.
   I got to the trees — it wasn’t where we’d come in from, but I thought it was close enough that I could find my way back to campus.
   The forest was quiet and all I had were the thoughts of what might come next.



I CAUGHT sight of someone in the trees and paused in case it was Hannah so I wouldn’t scare her.
   It turned out to be two somebodies, and they turned toward me as they caught sight of me, too.
   “What are you doing out here?” one of them hissed — I recognized her as one of the seniors who’d led me and the girls to the party.
“Heading back.”
   “You’re supposed to meet us at the same place so we can take you back under glamour!”
“Oh,” I said, “nobody told me.”
The girl stared at me for a second then shook her head. “Come on.”
   I followed them through the forest to the Grove, then made my way down the path back to the dorm. I didn’t see Hannah on the way, but I also didn’t see any mobs with torches and pitchforks, so maybe she hadn’t told anyone yet.
Would she tell anyone?
   I thought about trying to get into the teacher’s lodgings to ask Mel what I should do, but if another teacher saw me there’d be questions and the whole thing would get out — including getting all the girls who’d gone to the party in trouble.
   
   Maybe Hannah wouldn’t say anything? I could talk to Mel in the morning.
   The dorm building was dark and quiet when I got there. I crept up the stairs and to my room.
   Sam was asleep as I let myself in. I was so exhausted, both from the late hour and the amount of mana I’d used, that I didn’t even bother undressing
— just collapsed onto my bed and closed my eyes to sleep.
   Which lasted, it seemed, only a few seconds before someone was pounding on our door.
“Sleepy-time!” Sam yelled. More pounding.
I rolled out of bed, glancing at the clock.
Four a.m. — I’d been asleep for a few hours, but not nearly enough. Pounding on the door at four a.m. couldn’t be good. I wondered if
Hannah had told someone about my Command affinity already, but even if she had, Prima Rosethorn already knew. Some teachers and students might be upset about it, but the Prima and Mel would surely take care of things, right?
Maybe that was wishful thinking on my part.
   I opened the door and found the two seniors who’d led us to the party in the hallway with about a half-dozen other girls — not Hannah, so it probably wasn’t about that.
“Yeah?” I asked.
“You went to the party with Katrina?” one of the seniors asked. I blinked, trying to clear my thoughts.
“Not really,” I said, “we walked there together, but split up right after.
We both got a beer and then went separate ways. Why?” “Katrina never came back.”
