
“What are the bags?” I asked. “Bags?”
I shrugged. That was the best description I could come up with for the
   
colors filling her. It was like big bags of colored paint stuffed into her shape, filling everything.
   “You have these three colors filling you, like bags of paint or colored water or something.”
   “Oh, those are my mana stores. The size of those indicate how powerful a witch is.”
   
   Given that there seemed to be no room left in Mel for those to expand, she must have been pretty powerful. I remembered what she’d said about witches having between one and three of those.
“So, you’re one of those, what, tri...?” “Trinitaras, and, yes.”
   “Oh.” I guess that made Mel really powerful, as witches went, and rare. “What do the colors mean?”
   “You’re seeing different types of mana, different emotions and sensations, as different colors. The change in color you described as you absorb the mana is the refinement I mentioned. You should be filling your own mana stores from that — slowly, since mana loses a great deal of its potency when it’s shed.”
I turned my attention back to my own shadowy form.
   “Why don’t I have —” I stopped, noticing something. Deep in my gut were three shapes, about the size of eggs — no, their size was more like those tiny Easter egg chocolates — darker than the shadows that seemed to fill me, but each had a tiny bit of the yellow glow. Not filling them, not even close, even as small as the eggs were — just like they contained a drop, less than a drop, of yellow-colored water. I described it to Mel. “Is that my resonant things?”
“Yes,” she confirmed. “They’re … pretty small…” Mel laughed.
   “Resonants are like muscles, dear — the more you use them, the bigger and stronger they grow. You’ll need to absorb enough to fill and stretch them on a regular basis if you want to have more power — and you will want to have more power, trust me.”
   I nodded. That made sense. I was like a baby warlock, after all, so it was reasonable I’d have just a bit of power. Mel’s, on the other hand, looked like she had no more room at all to increase their size.
“How long until I can work up to yours? I mean, your bags are huge.” Mel said nothing.
   “Oh, sorry … I didn’t think of how that sounded. I meant your … mana stores? Not huge bags or anything. They’re not huge at all.” I paused. “Not that your bags are small,” I added quickly. “They’re really nice, really, and not —”
“Noah, dear?”
   
“Um, yeah.”
   “One of the most important lessons a young man should learn is when to stop talking.”
   I thought it best to simply nod and keep my mouth shut, especially because Mel appeared to literally have more magic in her little finger than I had in my entire body.
   “You see that you have three mana stores?” Mel asked after letting the silence stretch just to the edge of uncomfortable.
“Um, yeah. So, I’m a … trinitara, too?”
   “Yes, and that’s the reason I was a bit shocked earlier. Trinitara warlocks are very rare, even rarer than it is in witches. It’s something that makes you special … but also puts you in a bit of danger.”
   Of course it did. You certainly couldn’t find out witches were real and you had magic without being in danger. No Universe, real or coma-dream, would allow that.
“How?”
   “I think we should talk about that later, after we’re done here in the circle. You’ll be safe here with me for a time, so it’s nothing you need to worry about immediately, and you’ll be better protected once you have shields of your own.”
   Part of me wanted to know what the danger was, but another part, mostly the butt cheek that was perched on a slightly higher cobblestone, noticeable even through the thick mat, wanted to get the magic stuff done here so we could move to a nice soft couch.
“Okay,” I said.
   “Good. Now, first, we’ll want to find out what your resonants are. Though you can absorb mana of any type and refine it, you’ll gain more from those you resonate with. I’m going to start shedding mana of different types — it won’t be as strong as it could be, because I’ll have to sort of simulate the emotions and sensations, but it will hopefully help us identify your resonants.”
   “How will I know? I mean, I’m already absorbing stuff and it’s tingling.”
Mel chuckled.
   “Oh, you’ll know. It will be a much stronger sensation and your resonant stores will start filling faster.”
   
   I thought about what I’d felt when I came downstairs and my whole body had vibrated when Mel turned around. Is that what she meant? What resonant would she have been throwing off then?
“Alright,” Mel said, “let’s get started.”
   For the next several minutes, sparkling threads of a couple dozen colors and shades flowed from Mel to me. She didn’t describe what each one was, we just waited for one of them to resonate with me, but the tingling sensation stayed the same.
   “Hmph,” Mel said after a time. “I’m running out of what I can reasonably fake.” She took a deep breath. “There are a couple more I can try, but it will be harder.”
“Why?”
   “They’re my own, so I’ll have to suppress storing them. None of a witch’s own resonants are shed — unless she’s experiencing something very intense and she’s unable to store it all.”
“Oh.”
   “Now a witch’s resonants are a rather personal thing, Noah. Even mine aren’t widely known, so if you learn one of mine, will you keep it a secret?”
“Sure.” I didn’t see why I wouldn’t.
   “Thank you. Give me a moment.” Mel’s figure shifted and she held one hand out in a fist a few inches from the floor. “Alright —”
   Mel wrapped her knuckles hard on the cobblestone and threads of crimson red flowed from her hand. Without thinking, I reached out to them, my hand jerked as they touched it and set off a vibration far stronger than tingling. The red sparked and slowly changed to yellow as it entered me and streamed directly toward one of my egg-shaped resonant stores.
“Yeah!” I said. “Definitely that one. A lot stronger sensation.” Mel was silent for a moment. “Are you certain?”
She was rubbing her hand and more red threads streamed toward me. “Yes, why?”
“That was Pain,” Mel said. “Physical Pain — there are other kinds.” That didn’t sound fun.
“So, what? I have to get hurt to work magic?” Not fun at all.
   “No, Noah,” Mel answered softly, “you don’t need to feel the pain. The witch does.”
“Oh.”
   
   I hadn’t put that together, but as soon as she said it, I also recognized the implications of her having that resonant and its store being as full as hers was.
   “Don’t think it’s so terrible, dear. Witches find better ways of filling their resonants than you might think at first, especially once the coven-bond begins working on them. But Pain is a difficult one — we’ll discuss possibilities later, if you like. For now, we should probably get some lunch and pick this up again later.”
   I didn’t want to do that. I now knew one of my three resonants, but it wasn’t one I was happy with. I’d much rather end this session with a bit of good news — or, at least, know I shared neither of Mel’s remaining resonants.
“I’d kind of like to check the other two,” I said. “My other two?”
“Yeah. I mean, it would be good to know, at least, right?”
   Mel took a deep breath. “Very well. It’s doubtful we share more than the one, but —”
   This time she didn’t move — she just sat there and a stream of bubble-gum pink threads streamed off her. I didn’t reach out my hand this time, but the threads seemed to make a beeline for me. The effect was the same as before — a strong vibration, maybe stronger than the last time.
“Wow,” I said. “That one too.”
Mel was silent and still for a long time.
   “Um, so what was that one?” I asked finally, worried at how long she’d been silent. How much worse than Pain could this one be?
“That was Lust,” Mel said, finally. Now it was my turn to be quiet.
Lust was … interesting? And embarrassing. “So —”
   “Don’t puff your ego up too soon, dear,” Mel said, clearly laughing. “It doesn’t have to be you the witch lusts after.”
“Oh.”
“Though it is one of the easier ones to satisfy.” I could see that.
“Or,” Mel added, “at least fill, if not satisfy.”
   I really hoped she had her eyes closed like I did, because my face went red hot.
   
“So? Now can we have some lunch?” “What about the other one? The grey one.”
Mel chuckled. “That one’s unlikely. Extremely so.” “Why? Is it like a female-thing?”
   “No, it’s not a ‘female-thing’.” Mel groaned. “Fine, it’s quite impossible for you to have that resonant, but I suppose you won’t leave it alone if you don’t see for yourself.” She settled herself. “I’ll need you to take the lead in testing this one.”
“How?”
“Tell me to do something.” “What?”
   “Anything — something simple. Just tell me to do something. Firmly and with intent.”
   “Um, okay.” I wasn’t getting it, but went along “Raise your right hand, I guess?”
“Don’t ask, dear, tell.”
“Okay — raise your right hand,” I said firmly. Mel did. “Keep going, another one.” she said. “Ah, scratch your nose.”
Mel did, and I saw steel-grey threads drifting off her and toward me.
She made a go-on gesture. “Clap your hands.”
I chuckled as she did. “Should I be saying ‘Simon says —’”
   I broke off and gasped as the grey threads touched me and an intense electrical jolt ran through my body.
“Argh. That’s the strongest yet!”
“That’s imp … are you certain?” Mel’s voice was concerned. “Yeah — definitely. What was that?”
   Mel said nothing, then, “Noah, how did you defend yourself in that alley?”
   I frowned, wondering what that had to do with it and why she sounded so concerned.
“I don’t think I did.”
   “You did. The alley fairly reeked of mana. What did you do, or say, before the mugger stopped attacking you?”
I shrugged, trying to remember.
   
   “I yanked my backpack away from him … then I swung it at him … I think I yelled something like, ‘Get away from me’, maybe?”
“And when did you start to feel weak and fall down?” “Right at the end, I guess.”
“When you yelled, ‘Get away from me’?”
“I guess — why? What is that and what does it mean?”
“That resonant is Control,” Mel said. “Witches generate it when they’re
… obedient, I guess would be the best description.” “What does that have to do with the guy in the alley?”
   “Resonants come with affinities — that’s what we call the type of magic a witch, warlock, is most powerful and skilled at.” She took a deep breath. “I mentioned Sadness and water magic, for instance, and a witch with the Anger resonant often has an affinity for fire magic.”
“Okay, but —”
   “Command is an affinity associated with the Control resonant — it’s the ability to compel others to obey … and why you’re in even greater danger than I first thought.”
CHAPTER SEVEN

“I NORMALLY HAVE JUST A SANDWICH FOR LUNCH,” MEL SAID.
   We were back in the kitchen — I was sitting at the island again and Mel was at the fridge.
   After telling me that I was in great danger, she’d stood up and said she’d explain over lunch — and, to tell the truth, I was hungry myself. My stomach growled as though I’d been physically working hard all morning instead of sitting in a basement. I followed her back upstairs. Still, she seemed to be taking my great danger a bit lightly.
   “That’s fine with me,” I said, not really caring as long as it was food, and wanting to hurry up and get to the explanation.
   “Turkey or roast beef?” Mel asked, leaning into the fridge, which left me with the sight of her hips and legs as she bent over. Even though I was still seeing her shields, the mannequin-smooth curves were distracting — maybe more so. Mel had told me how to turn it off, but it was so new and cool I didn’t want to yet.
   “Um, turkey?” I said, trying to tear my eyes and concentration away from her.
   She closed the fridge after setting some things on the counter beside it and looked at me. I tried to get my eyes to hers, but I think she caught what I’d been staring at, because she raised one eyebrow and chuckled.
   “Those of us with more than one resonant try to keep them balanced,” she said, pulling things from the cabinets and bringing them to the island — a couple sealed containers from the fridge, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, and
   
a loaf of bread, along with plates and utensils. “If not, whichever resonant is fullest tends to drive our emotions.”
   She took a slice of turkey from one of the containers — real turkey, sliced thick, and not prepackaged deli slices — along with a large knife, and began dicing some of the turkey into small chunks. As she did that, the implications of what she’d said hit me and I took a closer look at my own mana stores. There was only a tiny bit of mana glowing in each, but the one that had taken in the bubble-gum pink strands was the brightest, containing, maybe, twice as much as the others.
   So that must have been what was making me some kind of horny, lust-monkey? My Lust resonant was influencing me somehow? What would the others do if they were fuller?
   “I’ll teach you how to even things out after we finish work on your shields later.”
   Mel scooped the diced turkey up with her hand and the knife and dumped it on a plate — she made a quick gesture over it and the scent of warm turkey filled the kitchen, making my mouth water. Then she set the plate at the end of the island and made another gesture.
“Felicity, lunch is ready — and I understand now.” She turned back to me.
“Now, to explain why you’re in danger.”
She took the bread from its plastic bag and cut four thick slices from it. “Before Salem, the traditional coven structure worked as well as it
could, but —” “Salem?”
   I heard a door close upstairs as Mel put some mayonnaise and what looked like cranberry sauce into a bowl and started mixing it.
“The Trials.”
   Padding footsteps rushed down the stairs and Felicity trotted over to hop up on the island. She sniffed once at the plate of turkey, then turned her back on us, sat, and stared away with only the tip of her tail twitching. I saw now that Felicity had shields as well and wondered if animals could do magic or if Mel had put them there.
   “Yes, Felicity,” Mel said, spreading the mayonnaise and cranberry onto the bread. “I understand now why you didn’t tell me about him earlier and I apologize.”
“Mrowr.”

   “No,” Mel said. “I don’t believe I’ll apologize for that, since I did give you a chance to explain and you refused.”
“Pfft!”
   “I was not short with you — well, perhaps a bit.” She started slicing the tomato. “But you could have told me when you dragged me off to pick him up and saved us all a bit of trouble.”
“Mrowr.”
   “Yes, I’m sure my reaction was amusing — but if you play tricks on people and they become annoyed, you have no one to blame but yourself.”
   “Pfft,” Felicity said, but then bent her head to begin shredding her turkey with tiny, white fangs.
“You can talk to her?” I asked.
   “Of	course,	dear,”	Mel	said,	laying	lettuce	and	tomato	on	the sandwiches.
“So, she’s, like, your familiar or somet —” “Ppfffttt!”
“Whoa! What’d I say?”
   “No,” Mel said as though the cat hadn’t just hissed at me like she’d like to rip my throat out. “Felicity and I are … whatever Felicity decides we are on any given day, I suppose. But not my familiar — she’s rather more independent than that.”