CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT

“WHAT THE EVER-LOVING FUCK?”
   I hopped up on the kitchen island and nearly scrambled off the other side.
There was a cat in the living room doorway. A girl. A girl-cat. A cat-girl.
   A little over five-feet of black-furred, white-spotted, sleekly-moving … very clearly naked cat-girl.
My dick twitched and began expanding in my pants.
Not now, I told my dick.
But … naked cat-girl … my dick insisted.
   “What the hell?” I said, letting my dick do whatever the hell it wanted, because it was going to anyway.
The naked cat-girl came around the island to stand beside me and Sam. “Felicity, Noah,” Mel said, gesturing. “Noah, Felicity. Now you’ve been
properly introduced.”
“How is there a cat-girl?” I asked. Mel sighed.
   “She’s not a cat-girl. She’s a witch … who has spent far too much time over the years in the form of a cat.”
Felicity shrugged — a lithe, shimmying, very naked cat-girl shrug.
   “No, no,” I muttered, pacing between the kitchen and living room. “This is too much.” I looked at Felicity. “All those years you were really a person? You’ve been in my lap! I’ve … I’ve rubbed your belly! I’ve…” I froze, staring at her, then whispering, “I’ve seen your butthole.”
Sam and Mel started laughing.
   
   “Stop it! This is serious!” I stormed over to Mel. “How can you be okay with seeing her butthole all the time? And it wasn’t at a distance, either, it was right here!”
   Mel and Sam kept laughing while Felicity just stared at me, face … blank like a cat’s.



IT TOOK a few minutes of being laughed at, but eventually I calmed down enough to return to the kitchen.
   Felicity — the cat-girl — had taken one of the island stools and was busy spooning cookie dough out of the mixing bowl, the tip of her tail twitching slightly as she daintily nibbled the dough with very white, very pointy teeth.
She was still very naked.
   Sure, fur covered her — everywhere but the very tips of her breasts, which were…
Wait.
Felicity-cat-girl had two breasts, each with one nipple. Two nipples.
I counted.
One, two nipples.
But when I’d rubbed Felicity-cat’s belly there’d been… Therapy. I was going to need therapy.
   I was okay with magic — with witches, vampires, secret patriarchal enemies, even having scary magic powers some people might want to kill me for.
But years of rubbing transmogrifying cat-girl nipples was a step too far.
That I was going to need professional help with. I was still upset, too.
   I was sick of surprises, sick of things being sprung on me with no warning, sick of things being kept from me, sick of being meddled with and manipulated, even if it was for my own good or whatever.
   Fine, maybe it was best that I hadn’t been told about magic until I aged-out of foster care, but since then, someone could have told me Felicity was
   
a real person, not just a smart cat. It had been six months and no one found a chance to catch me up on that?
   Hell, I’d thought last night with Sam was the first nipple-touching I’d ever done and…
Therapy.
I took a deep breath, but it didn’t help.
It was all too much and I needed some time to process it all. “I think I need to think about things for a little bit,” I said. “Noah?”
Sam looked worried, but I really needed some time alone to think about
… everything.
   I realized I’d had very little, if any, time to do that since I’d woken up here at Mel’s. Everything had moved so fast. The closest I’d had was at the lake party, and I’d spent that time thinking about the differences between mundane and witch worlds — not trying to process everything that had happened to me.
   “Yeah,” I said, standing, but not looking at anyone. “I’m going to take a walk and … think. I’ll be back in a while.”
I left Mel’s.



THERE WAS a park a couple blocks away, and I felt the need for fresh air and open space. Someplace where I wasn’t smelling fucking cookies and it didn’t feel like things were pressing in on me from all sides.
   I don’t know how long I was there, sitting on a bench and watching the squirrels and pigeons — and fighting thoughts about how funny it would be to bring Felicity here and watch her try to catch the damn things. I didn’t want to have good thoughts about Felicity right now.
   Even if I accepted that she and Mel couldn’t have told me anything before I turned eighteen — which I guess was the right choice — they’d still had six months to tell me Felicity wasn’t a fucking cat.
   I wasn’t unhappy she wasn’t a cat — that was pretty cool, actually, and I wanted to have some conversations with her. Given everything I’d told her over the years, she probably knew more about me than anyone in the world and her opinion would be interesting.
   
But six months? “Hey, you.”
   I heard Sam’s voice behind me, but didn’t turn around. At least she hadn’t been involved in keeping things from me, so I couldn’t be mad at her
— that would be awkward after we just tied ourselves to each other for life the night before.
“Hey.”
She came up behind me and started massaging my shoulders. “Oo, tight,” Sam said.
“That’s what he said.”
Sam’s hands stopped massaging.
   “Did you really? Did you really just make a sex joke when you’re so upset you had to run out of the house without giving anyone even a chance to explain?”
I shrugged and she started massaging again. “You are such a guy.”
“I didn’t run,” I said. “You walked at speed.”
I grunted. “Are you here to tell me I’m an asshole for running off?” “Not really, but what set you off?”
I sighed — that was what I was trying to figure out.
   “Sometimes it seems like I had more control over my life when I was in foster care and had a CPS caseworker. At least Mrs. Dexter would have told me if she was a cat. I’m not saying everything is bad — I’m not saying anything is bad — but I’d like to have a little control over things and I don’t. Not where I live, not where I go to school, not how I support myself, nothing.”
“What about me?”
   “You’re the one thing I do have control over.” I winced. “Sorry, I didn’t mean it that way, I meant —”
   Sam’s hands slid from my shoulders to my chest and her lips brushed my neck.
“But what if I want you to mean it that way, Dominus?” I sighed.
   “I meant that the decision to be with you was the one thing I think I did have control over — and I wouldn’t change it. But that whole ‘Dominus’
   
thing is one of the things I mean — is that you, or is that some more magic controlling things? Because you never talked about stuff like that before.”
Now it was Sam’s turn to sigh.
   “Oh, we’re being serious, I guess.” Her arms tightened around me. “So, is your magic affecting me? Yes, of course it is. You gave me Lust and Pain resonants — to save my life, so if you feel guilty about it that means you’d rather I be dead, so just put that shit out of your mind right the fuck now. Our resonants affect us — that’s the way it works. I’ve always been … sexual, but, yeah, I’ve really noticed it since I took that potion. Which is why I’m going to be jumping you six times a day, because, Maiden’s moans, that’s been on my mind the last two months — and more now that I know how good it is.”
She nudged me in the back with her knee. “Scooch.”
   I slid forward on the bench and she sat behind me, spreading her legs around me and pressing close to my back.
“Better — my back was hurting from bending over. So — Dominus
thing.”
“I know you’re mostly teasing me with that.”
   Sam was silent for a minute. “Maybe … not?” She took a deep breath. “It really is the title for who’s in charge of a coven and I may be teasing you a little with the other meaning, but I’ve … looked into that sort of thing before. A little. I’m the curious sort. But, yeah, again, my interest has been a little more piqued the last couple months. Especially since last night. Is that all me or your Control resonance working on me through the coven bond to up the power for the coven? Both, probably, and that’s how covens work.” Her hands moved back to my shoulders, massaging again. “You’re going to need twelve more witches to form a coven and you’re going to be giving each of them one or two resonants — because it would be fucking unfair not to when you can. That’s going to change them. They’re going to change you. We’re all going to change each other. So, am I different than I was two months ago? Yeah. If you don’t like the difference, tell me, but if I don’t tell you I don’t like it, then just fucking enjoy it, okay?”
I chuckled. “Yes, Domina.”
   Sam smacked me on the back of the head. “Ew! That is not me. Don’t even joke about it.”
I laughed.
   
“Good, now you’re in a better mood, so let’s talk about Felicity.”
   “Fine. I just don’t get why she couldn’t tell me sometime in the last six months. I mean, it’s not like I don’t like cat-girls.”
“Noah, Melaina told me some things before I came to find you.
Felicity’s … fragile.”
   “Felicity?” That I had trouble believing. The cat, girl, cat-girl, witch, cat-witch, whatever, was independent, self-assured, bossy … fragile wasn’t something that occurred to me when I thought about Felicity.
   Sam nodded. “She is. Melaina said she hasn’t shown any form other than cat to anyone else in a long time. She hasn’t talked to anyone but Melaina in … a long time. Longer than you’d believe, probably. When you left … it broke something in her.”
   “What?” I started to stand up. I didn’t want to hurt Felicity, I’d just wanted an hour or two alone to figure things out. I needed to get back to Mel’s and fix this.
Sam caught my shoulders and pulled me back down to the bench. “Melaina’s comforting her, I think it’d be best to give them some more
time.”
“Shit. I didn’t mean to hurt her; I just wanted some time to think.”
   “I know — and Melaina does, too. You had no way to know how hard it was for Felicity to show you something other than her full-cat form. Especially with me there too — I think because we’re a coven now Felicity sees us as one thing, maybe. She has a lot of self-esteem issues that make her afraid of people.”
“Felicity? She’s the most —”
   “As a cat,” Sam interrupted me. “Whatever you know about her is how she presents as a cat.”
“Fuck.”
   Of course. If she went around as a cat, then that was the perfect way to hide from people.
   “I tried not to listen but there were a lot of words like stupid, worthless, and ugly thrown in with the crying.”
I bent forward and buried my face in my hands. “Fuck me.”
I really didn’t need to fuck up this badly again so soon after Katrina. “You couldn’t know,” Sam said, seeming to read my mind.