  Mel pulled a chair around the table so it was closer to mine and facing the stage.
   “Pay attention, dear,” she whispered as a waitress approached. “It’s rude to ignore the show.”
“Drinks?” a waitress asked, wearing only a little more than the dancers.
Stockings, garter belt, and a lace bra and panties. “There’s a minimum.” “Please,” Mel said. “I’ll have a red wine — whatever the bar has opened
is fine.”
The waitress looked at me. “Beer?” I suggested.
“You’ll have a soda,” Mel said.
   The waitress looked back and forth between Mel and me and I shrugged.
   “Soda,” I said, then after the waitress left: “You’ve been giving me wine with dinner and take me to a titty-bar, but you won’t let me have a beer?”
“The bar is educational and a bit of wine with dinner aids the digestion.
Now close your eyes, dear.”
   Take me to a titty-bar and make me close my eyes. This was one of the weirdest outings I’d ever been on.
   
   “Close them. Good. Now look through your shields the way I taught you. Do you see the mana?”
   I nodded. I did — and it was pretty amazing. The bar was full of glowing strings being cast off everyone — the dancers, the men watching, even the waitresses. We hadn’t been outside Mel’s brownstone since I’d learned to see mana and I hadn’t realized how much of it was just floating around.
“Wow.”
   “I told you there was mana everywhere. This really isn’t very much, though,” Mel said. “We won’t be able to fill your stores more than a tiny bit here, but it’s useful to learn how — and it will be enough to power your shields and learn a bit of other magic without relying on me.”
“Why can’t we? Rely on you, I mean?”
   “I can’t shed enough mana to properly fill a warlock — no single witch can.”
   “I thought you said a warlock, at least a trinitara one, can take mana from any witch, so couldn’t we do that?”
   “A warlock can hold an entire coven’s mana, trebled, but you and I can’t risk sharing mana directly — not without being in danger of one of us marking the other — not until you have a full coven, at least.”
“Why not?”
“All this nudity and you want a lecture on magic?”
   I looked around briefly. Yeah, the girls were naked, but they didn’t seem to want to be there, and, honestly, Mel was hotter than any of them and I got to see her all day. True, she wasn’t naked, but — I glanced over and caught the sight of her breasts, pressed together by how she was sitting and … maybe that was worse. Or better. Or something.
   “First, what we came here for. Now open yourself up to it and start taking it into yourself.”
   I wasn’t sure I wanted to take anything in the bar “into myself”, as I was reasonably certain it would wind up with me needing a visit to the free clinic and end with a shot of penicillin in my ass. Still, I did what Mel told me.
   “Now, you see it’s just drifting around the room? Like it was in my circle?” she asked.
I nodded.
   
   “Try to imagine that you’re drawing it toward yourself — not while it’s in someone, you won’t be able to touch that, but what they’ve already shed.”
“Could we not call it shedding?” “That’s what it’s called, dear.”
I huffed, but tried to do as she said.
   It was different than at Mel’s — there, we’d been in her circle, sitting close to each other, and the mana she shed was already right next to me — here, the mana was farther away and more difficult to influence. After a bit of trying, though, it seemed to be working — the drifting strands, instead of floating up and disappearing in the ceiling or down to the floor, started drifting toward me. As they neared me, I felt tingling sensations where they touched my body before being absorbed.
   “Why are only some of them coming?” I asked, watching the strands that, no matter how hard I concentrated on them, never change their path.
   “Your influence over mana you don’t resonate with is limited. Everything else will drift off into the environment unless you chase after it.”
“Oh, okay.”
   The strands of mana I was able to draw toward me mostly had the pinkish hue I’d learned represented Lust. Which made a lot of sense, given where we were.
   I was also getting the crimson-red of Pain, though — those were coming from particular areas of the dancers’ bodies, like their feet and ankles, but also from their shoulders when they spun around the poles.
   “Okay,” I said. “I think I figured out Lust, and the red strings seem to be coming from the dancers’ feet and joints —”
“Have you ever tried dancing in eight-inch stiletto platforms?”
   “Yeah, that sounds hard.” I looked around some more. “This seems … tawdry.”
Mel spread her hands and raised her eyebrows. “You expected different?”
   “I don’t know, I’ve never been to one of these — only seen them on TV and movies. I thought there might be…” I shrugged. “Some kind of show or something.”
   “That’s burlesque, and it’s hard to find these days. Chippendale’s puts on a good show, but I can’t take you there.”
   
“Because I’m a guy?”
   “No, because the audience would be full of witches.” Mel sat back and crossed her legs. “Now be quiet and watch the dancers while you absorb as much mana as possible.” She pulled a bundle of dollar bills from her purse and slid it across the table to me. “Be sure to tip, dear.”
   I soaked in the energy for a bit. It was a little creepy at first to think about it coming from other people — like I was some kind of energy vampire — but Mel’s description of how I could only pick up what they were shedding let me understand that I wasn’t taking anything they needed from them.
   I guess I was more of an … energy hobo, going through their magic litter.
After about thirty minutes, I decided to get Mel talking again.
   “So, you keep talking about ‘marking’ like it’s a bad thing,” I finally said. “If that forms the coven bond, then what’s so bad about it?”
   “It’s not that it’s bad, dear, just that it’s not something one does without intending to.”
“What if you don’t intend to?”
   Mel chuckled. “It’s difficult to explain to someone who hasn’t experienced it.” She sipped her wine, then gestured at the stack of bills. “This song’s almost over, dear, tip the nice girl.”
   I knew there was no point in arguing or refusing. The first time she’d told me to tip one of the dancers, I’d refused to get up, but then she motioned to the girl who was leaving the stage and handed her a twenty.
   Don’t get me wrong, it was interesting and I might have enjoyed it more if Mel hadn’t been there. Watching. Intently watching.
   “You’re blushing again,” Mel said when I returned from the stage. I don’t know how she could tell in the dim, strobing lights. “You’re a warlock
— you really should try to get used to this sort of thing. This is what witches do.”
“Strip?”
I shrugged at her glare, then she grinned.
   “Dark of the moon, a few too many meads, a warm, spring night in the Grove…”
   That smile, those words, damn — my head filled with images of Mel dancing through a shadowy Grove, casting aside a hooded robe, then hopping up on a stone block and laying back to wait for…
   
“Balance, dear.”
   I blinked, shook myself, and looked at my own resonance stores. They were definitely filling at different rates and I worked to shift the energy from Lust to the other two until they were roughly even. I’d definitely experienced how letting one get fuller than the others could affect my thoughts and behavior, so I concentrated on that until my head cleared of naked-Mel thoughts.
“How full are you?” Mel asked.
   At first, I thought Mel was asking if we should order food — it had been a couple hours since dinner and I could have gone for some potato skins — but then I realized she was asking about my mana stores. I took a closer look and after balancing things, each was still less than a tenth full.
   “Maybe five-percent?” I said. I understood now what she meant about ambient mana taking a long time — at this rate it would take thirty or forty hours to completely fill my stores and Mel’s were many times larger than mine.
   “That should be enough to power your shields and some basic lessons for a while.” She checked her phone. “The stores are still open — let’s do some shopping.”

CHAPTER TEN

“WEAR THE SLACKS I GOT YOU,” MEL SAID, “AND ONE OF THE DRESS
shirts.”
   Three weeks and several shopping trips after our first trip to the strip club, my wardrobe was now quite a bit more extensive than it had ever been, but at least Mel had let me pick out most of the things. Even so, while I’d still gravitated toward jeans and t-shirts, it was nice to have a few dressier clothes and I didn’t take offense at her reminder that now was the time to wear them.
   We’d been back to the strip club several times to keep my mana stores from being completely empty — full wasn’t possible unless I made watching topless dancers a full-time job — and I’d mastered at least one of the magical tasks Mel set me.
Lighting a candle with magic was hard, at least for me.
   Mel said it was because none of my resonants had a fire affinity, but it was the only thing I’d managed so far. We’d tried to figure out what my other affinities might be, with no luck. Pain could have been anything from healing to causing pain — like, making someone hurt without touching them, which weirded me out a bit. Mel said she suspected my Lust affinity was an unconscious thing, probably to make me more attractive than I actually was — I still wasn’t sure if she was serious about that or just making fun of me. We already knew my Control affinity was Command, but experimenting with that wouldn’t work — Mel wouldn’t let me use it on her and neither of us was comfortable experimenting on some innocent mundane.
   
So, after days of trying multiple types of magic, I’d finally lit a candle
— it only took me about a hundred hours of intense, eye-watering concentration and a headache that lasted into the next day.
   But it was enough to indicate I was ready for the next step Mel had planned for me: Magic School.
   “Students are generally left out of any Family conflicts or maneuvering,” Mel told me. “That, plus the assumption that I plan to form a coven with you, should keep you safe enough — at least from the Families. There are few Families that would want to take on both me and Evelina.”
“Evelina?”
“Don’t call her that,” Mel warned. “Magistra Prima Evelina Rosethorn
— Prima of Willowmere College. You should refer to her as Prima — and the other teachers as Magistra when you meet them.”
“Okay — what is that? Latin?”
   Mel nodded, looking through my shirts. “Yes, witches in the United States still use Latin for many things — some Greek, a bit of Slavic, and the occasional Celtic influence. A melting pot, if you will.”
“People don’t really use that term anymore.”
   “They should.” Mel pulled a light-blue shirt from the closet. “This one. Now get changed, she’ll be here any moment —” The doorbell rang. “That’s her. There’s a tea prepared in the kitchen, dear, bring that to the formal parlor once you’re changed?”
“Sure.”
   She left and I changed clothes, then ran a brush through my hair and checked my teeth to make sure there wasn’t anything left in them from lunch. Mel seemed to think this was pretty important. I did, too, since it was magic school after all. I mean, who wouldn’t want to go to magic school? I didn’t know how much it cost or how I’d get the money, but getting in was the first step, right? And if I’d learned anything from movies, it was that school bosses were uptight sticklers for protocol and you had to impress them. So, I would.
   The formal parlor was the one I’d seen on the second floor that didn’t have a TV, so I had to pass it on my way to the kitchen. I could hear the two women’s voices, but couldn’t see into the parlor through the partially closed pocket doors.
   Once in the kitchen I saw why Mel’s phrasing had been so odd — “a tea” instead of “some tea” or just “tea.”
   
   Not only was there a tray set out with the typical tea things — teapot, tiny pitcher of cream, a bowl of sugar cubes, complete with little silver tongs, saucers and cups — but also a four-tier tower of plates holding little sandwiches, cakes, cookies, and other treats I couldn’t identify. My mouth started watering, even though we’d just had lunch a couple hours ago.
   I realized it was going to take two trips to get everything to the formal parlor, so I picked up the tower of treats first, and carried it upstairs.
   The formal parlor was very different than the living room off the kitchen. That had a comfy couch, a huge TV, and was very comfortable and inviting. The formal parlor was … very formal. Spindly-legged chairs, tiny tables, and nothing for entertainment other than a piano against one wall. It was clearly a place for conversation, but not relaxing.
Mel’s visitor seemed to fit right in with that.
   She appeared to be in her thirties, but Mel had made a few comments that made me think it was a bad idea to rely on how a witch looked to guess her age — apparently witches with enough power had some control over their aging. She wore her ash blonde hair up in a tight bun and a lace-edged dress that covered her from wrists to neck to ankles, but really did nothing to hide the fact that she had a nice figure. It was definitely a sexy-schoolmarm vibe.
   Prima Rosethorn glanced at me as I entered, and frowned, but she didn’t say anything. Mel didn’t introduce me right away, so I just stayed silent and respectful, setting the sandwich tower on the table between the chairs the two women were seated in, but far enough back so that they could still see each other comfortably, then backed away and turned to return to the kitchen for the tea.
   I retrieved the tea tray, then brought it back upstairs and set it on the low table that sat between the four chairs in the room.
   The women’s conversation had stopped when I entered again, but Mel still didn’t introduce me — maybe she was waiting for Prima Rosethorn to ask, since she’d said it would be unusual for her to have a warlock in the house, so I decided to lean into the servant role a bit.
   I took one of the cups and a saucer and set it on the table off the tray then lifted the teapot looked at Mel’s guest.
“Tea, Prima Rosethorn?” I asked.
   The woman raised an eyebrow and now I could see the corners of Mel’s mouth twitch.
   
“Please,” the woman said. “Cream, two sugars, if you will.” Since Mel still didn’t say anything, I kept going.
   I poured the tea into the cup to what I thought was a good level, added a bit of cream I thought would be the right amount, used the tongs to plop two cubes in, then took one of the spoons to give the cup a quick stir, hoping it would dissolve the sugar. I offered the saucer and cup to Mel’s guest, who took it with a small nod.
“Melaina, is there a reason your new footman isn’t wearing gloves?”
Prima Rosethorn asked, turning to Mel.
   “He’s new and I haven’t decided on the livery yet,” Mel said, then she laughed and shook her head. “Sit down, Noah, we can pour our own tea — and have some yourself, dear.”
   “Don’t discourage the young man, Melaina,” Prima Rosethorn said, “there’s something to be said for the courtesies.” She took a sip of her tea and nodded to me. “A fine effort, young man. The fare is not typically delivered separate from the tea, but a fine effort nonetheless.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” I said.
Melaina chuckled again. “Evelina, this is Noah Ashe — Noah, this is
Prima Evelina Rosethorn of Willowmere College.” “It’s nice to meet you, Prima Rosethorn.”
   “And I you, Magellus Ashe,” Prima Rosethorn said with a nod, then returned her attention to Mel. “I wasn’t aware you were planning to start a new coven of your own, Melaina, and I’m afraid I don’t know the Ashes.” Then she shook her head. “No, never mind, none of my business.” She smiled. “Too much dealing with students makes one think one has a right to know everything. And with the new term starting next week, we’ve little time. I really should get back to the school.” She took a sip of her tea, then set the cup back on the saucer. “So, where’s the girl?”
   Mel raised her eyebrows, waited a moment, then extended her arm to point at me.
I raised my eyebrows too, because I’m not a girl.
   “Yes, I’ve met your young man, what does that —” Prima Rosethorn looked at me, then frowned and blinked rapidly.
“Oh, dear,” she muttered.
“Indeed,” Mel said, leaning forward and fixing herself a cup of tea.
   She sat back and took a sip, and the whole time Prima Rosethorn simply stared at me.
   
   The Prima’s face fell and her eyes widened, then she looked back to Mel.
“No.”
   Mel took a sip of tea both before and after smiling and nodding with raised eyebrows.
   “No,” Prima Rosethorn said again, but Mel simply sipped her tea. “Absolutely not. It’s unthinkable — there hasn’t been a warlock at Willowmere for over a hundred years.”
   “There hasn’t been a warlock at any college in over a hundred years — they’re kept under lock and key.”
   “Exactly, and what do you think will happen when the Families find out about him? The lengths they’d go to bind him? He should be hidden away until you have a full coven, or at least until you’ve marked him.” She shook her head. “The last place he should be is as the only male in a college of four hundred fifty girls, those same Families’ daughters.”
“I don’t intend to mark him,” Mel said.
   I was still trying to parse what Prima Rosethorn had said. I’d understood that warlocks were rare, I’d understood that warlocks were kept under wraps by these Families, so I’d understood that any magic school, like Willowmere, would have a lot of girls … I just hadn’t put that together with me going there until Prima Rosethorn had said the words “four hundred fifty girls.”
Prima Rosethorn’s face went white and she stared at me.
“You don’t intend to — you didn’t acquire him from a Family, did you.
Not even a small one. He’s unaffiliated? From the outcasts?” Mel shrugged. “Unknown.”
“Unknown? How?”
“He was orphaned — or, at least, left in the care of the State as a babe.”
   Prima Rosethorn’s brow furrowed. “I am sorry, young man,” she said before turning back to Mel. “This simply isn’t possible.”
   “The Families will all find out about him eventually in any case,” Mel said. “The idea of keeping him hidden until he’s both acquired his own coven and learned enough magic to wield it successfully in his own defense simply isn’t feasible. Just introducing him to witches who might join that coven exposes him — while Willowmere provides both the opportunity for those meetings and extends him the protections of the school as well as my own.”
   
   “I’m sorry, but I can’t. Even if I were willing, this year’s class is full, and you know we have a policy of no exceptions to the admissions quota, for quite good reasons.”
Mel set her cup down on her saucer with a muted clink. “I’m afraid I must insist.”
Prima Rosethorn’s eyebrows rose. “Insist? Really?”
   “He’s a founder’s legacy, Evelina, so I’m afraid you’ll have to find room.”
   I kind of felt sorry for Prima Rosethorn as Mel seemed to be dropping bomb after bomb on the poor woman — and enjoying it immensely, if I’d learned to read her face right. I had no idea what a founder’s legacy was or how it applied to me, but it certainly had an effect on the Prima. She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples.
   “And how is that, Melaina? I like to think you would’ve told me if you were ever pregnant, and even if not, that’s not the sort of thing that could possibly remain a secret for so long.”
   So that explained what a founder’s legacy was if Mel was one of the founders of the school. But the school was at least a hundred years old, so that couldn’t be — maybe Mel’s family had been founders and she still had this legacy thing? I still didn’t see how it applied to me unless Mel was straight up lying about it.
   “Not directly — but given his particular set of resonants, it’s almost certain I’m in his ancestry somewhere.”
   “What?” The word was out of my mouth before I’d even consciously processed what she said.
   Mel and I were related? Was she just saying that to try getting me into the school, or could it be true? How would she know when I didn’t even know my parents’ names?
   Both women were staring at me, Prima Rosethorn with curiosity, but Mel’s face was first questioning and then sorrowful.
   “Oh, Noah, dear, I’m sorry. I didn’t think of how that would strike you. I’ve lived alone without any family for so long, I’m not very used to how other people might feel about it.”
   “But, how?” I wanted to know how we might be related. Had Mel known my parents? Or at least known someone she thought could be my parents? And why hadn’t she told me this before?
   
   “We’ll talk about it later, dear, I promise, but I assure you, the relationship is certainly very distant, which is why I didn’t think it would have much meaning to you.”
   I didn’t care how distant the relationship might be if there actually was one. I’d spent my whole life not knowing even a single blood-relative, so any was a shock.
“For now,” Mel asked, “can you wait until later?”
   I wanted to say no and demand we talk about it now, but I also didn’t want to have that conversation in front of Prima Rosethorn, so I nodded and sat back in my chair to watch the two women begin sparring again. I still didn’t know how much this place cost, or how I was supposed to pay for it. I assumed Mel had some plan for that, because she must certainly know that I had no money to speak of. The idea of her paying for my college made me a little uneasy, but maybe if we really were related?
   “Well,” Prima Rosethorn said, “as you say, uncertain and quite distant, even if so.”
   “The school’s charter makes no allowances for the distance of the relation so long as it can be reasonably proven,” Mel said. “I should know, I wrote it. And, as I said, his particular combination of resonants makes it almost certain — certain enough, that I believe I simply must insist.”
   “Insist again? Well, what are these resonants you’re so certain of? And why?”
“Lust and Pain,” Melaina said then hesitated.
   She’d told me to keep my third one secret, both to hide the fact that I was a trinitara and had the feared Control resonant, so I didn’t think she was going to share that with Prima Rosethorn.
   “Neither of those is particularly rare, Melaina, even if they were prevalent in your line.”
Mel sighed. “Evelina, may I ask you to keep something confidential?”
   Prima Rosethorn sniffed. “After all the time we’ve known each other, you have to ask?”
Mel nodded. “And an oath on it, if you don’t mind.”
   “What on earth would —” She stopped and shrugged. “Never mind, if you feel it’s necessary, you know I will.” She took a deep breath. “By my power, by my Grove, and by the Goddess I love with all my being, nothing I learn here today will be disclosed by me to any other. Is that sufficient?”
Mel nodded, then sipped her tea again.
   
“And Control,” Mel said.
   Prima Rosethorn opened and closed her mouth several times trying to get a word out.
   “You want me to take an untrained, trinitara warlock with Lust and Control resonants into a school with four hundred fifty young witches? Can you even imagine how perilous that would be?”
   In the immortal spirit of Sir Galahad, I was certainly open to experiencing a little of the peril she described. I was pretty happy Felicity hopped up in my lap at that moment, because it hid the sudden bulge in my pants.
The only guy on an all-girls campus? Absolutely count me in.
“I’m sure we can find ways to avoid any of that.”
   I managed not to blurt out that I did not want, in fact, to avoid any of that, but I did sit forward a little bit to listen more closely.
   Prima Rosethorn glared at me, very different than the cordial woman I’d served tea to, and I wondered if she was going to blame me for her getting trash-talked, blind-sided, beat-up, and generally trounced by Mel.
“But a trinitara, Melaina? If that gets out —”
“The only ones who know he’s a trinitara are in this room.”
   Prima Rosethorn snorted. “A secret on a campus of young women? You must be joking. He’ll be outed on the first day — Introduction to Spellcasting alone will do it. He’ll have to partner with another witch and
—”
   “I’ll teach the class,” Mel said, leaning forward to take a plate and daintily pick a triangular sandwich from the tea tray.
   Both Prima Rosethorn and I stared at her as she sat back and bit a small corner off the sandwich.
“What?” Prima Rosethorn asked as I took in the implications of that.
   Mel was willing to come to this school with me and teach? It had to be just to keep me safe, since she was constantly talking about how irritating witch society was to her and how she and Felicity had everything they needed here. I felt myself tear up and quickly scrubbed at my eyes. What she’d done for me already was more than anyone else had in my entire life.
   “I will come to Willowmere,” Mel continued, “and teach the class. Introduction to Spellcasting, yes? I’ll partner with Noah myself for the exercises, since it would be awkward for any of the girls even if he wasn’t a
   
trinitara. You’ve been trying to get me to teach again for decades, Evelina, will you really give up the opportunity over some silly concerns?”
Prima Rosethorn sat back and narrowed her eyes.
   “You’ll teach all of the first-years,” she said finally, then when Mel nodded: “And an advanced class for the seniors, as well as the same in each of his following years.”
   “Of course. Part of the reason for me being there will be to keep Noah safe. The school’s immunity from Family conflict and my presence will certainly do that, don’t you think?”
   “What I think is that the Families will stop at nothing once they find out about him, and they will.” She raised her chin and narrowed her eyes. “You’ll teach the four years, regardless of what happens to him. Even if he’s taken by a Family and is no longer enrolled.”
“Agreed, so long as you do everything in your power to keep him safe.”
Prima Rosethorn bristled and her eyes flashed.
   I suddenly had to wonder which of the two witches before me might actually be the stronger … or scarier.
“No one touches my students.”
   “That’s what I’m counting on,” Mel said. She popped the rest of her sandwich into her mouth. “Noah, dear, why don’t you take Felicity downstairs while Evelina and I discuss the admissions and housing? It will be quite boring, I assure you.”
“Okay.”
Felicity hopped off my lap and padded out of the room, while I followed
her.