CHAPTER ELEVEN

I  WENT  DOWN  A  FLOOR,  GRABBED  A  SODA  FROM  THE  FRIDGE  —  FELICITY
mrowred and wound along my ankles as I closed the fridge, so I grabbed a small bowl to pour her a little of the soda. I’d never seen a cat drink soda before getting to Mel’s, but Felicity had some with nearly every meal, so I figured Mel knew what she was doing.
   Back in the living room, I grabbed one of the game controllers, then sat on the couch.
   I tried to get into the game, but it was difficult because I kept thinking about what Mel had said about us being related. I’d spent my entire life without that sort of connection and she’d just laid it out there like it was nothing.
“Mrowr!”
   “Stop it!” I said, batting her paw away from the controller. The cat seemed to get very upset by the way I played some games. “If you want to play, get your own controller.”
“Mrowr.”
   I sighed and set the controller down on the coffee table, then sat back on the couch. Felicity hopped into my lap and rolled over for belly rubs.
“Is that all you wanted?” I asked, running a hand over her soft fur. Felicity purred.
   “Yeah, I guess this is better than a game anyway.” I sighed. “So, what do you think, Felicity? Am I getting too wound up about maybe being related to Mel?”
“Mrowr.”
   
“Yeah, maybe.”
   Having lived with Mel for a couple months now, I was more and more convinced that Felicity wasn’t just an ordinary cat. At first, I’d thought Mel’s habit of talking to her like a person was odd, but over time it really seemed like the cat could understand what was said to her. Maybe not really understand, but at least understand the tone and respond accordingly.
   Thinking back, that had really been the case for all the years that I’d known Felicity.
   I’d spent hours sometimes telling her my troubles and stuff that happened in my life when I’d had no one else to talk to and she’d always responded appropriately. If I was sad, she comforted me. If I was happy, she’d be playful.
   Probably she just understood people’s tone of voice and mood enough to go off that. I’d heard pet owners describe that sort of thing, so maybe it was just the way with cats and dogs.
“It’s just … I’ve always dreamed of meeting my family, you know?” “Mrowr.”
   “Not my parents, I mean, since they left me in a baby-drop like an overdue library book, but … someone?”
“Mrowr?”
   “Oh, well, I shouldn’t complain, I guess. Things have gone a lot better for me than I expected — what with finding out I’m a warlock and everything Mel’s done for me.”
“Pfft!” Felicity squirmed in my lap.
   That usually meant I’d been rubbing too long in the same place and I was about two strokes away from the cat trying to gut my forearm with her claws, so I moved my hand slightly.
“That better?” “Mrowr.”
   “You’re right — I should shut up and concentrate on rubbing you properly. That’s more important, isn’t it?”
“Mrowr!”
   Felicity planted her hind feet in my stomach and stretched the length of my legs, head and forepaws stretching past my knees, to expose more of her belly for scratches — which I accommodated, switching to both hands.
   I heard footsteps and a moment later Mel and Prima Rosethorn came down the stairs and into the living room.
   
   “We’ve settled all the arrangements,” Mel said. “I’ll tell you the details in a moment, dear, but Evelina is heading back to Willowmere to get things settled there.”
   “Oh, thanks! Um, thank you, Prima Rosethorn —” I nodded at Felicity, still in my lap, and hoped she wouldn’t be offended that I didn’t get up. I still had healing scratches from the last time I’d tried to displace the cat so I could go to the bathroom.
   “You’re welcome, young man,” Prima Rosethorn said, “though you might not thank me later.”
   I kind of wanted her to expand on that, but instead she looked at Felicity, pursed her lips, and turned to Mel.
“You know, Melaina, you really should —”
“Felicity is fine,” Mel cut her off. “She has her own will.”
   “Hmph,” Prima Rosethorn said, then turned back to me. “I’ll see you in a week, Magellus Ashe, when the new school year starts.”
With that, Mel walked her to the door.
   When Mel returned, I saw that she’d stopped in the kitchen. She had a bottle of wine, a bowl, and two glasses, pausing to open the wine, fill all three, and setting one glass and the bowl on the table before sitting in one of the armchairs.
   “It’s early for a drink, so soon after tea, but I feel the need for fortification,” Mel said.
   She kicked her shoes off and curled up in the chair. It was a sexy pose, even with the more conservative dress she had on — or maybe because of the conservative dress. She was completely covered, save for her bare feet and ankles curled around her butt. The sexy effect was only made more so when she reached up and pulled the pins from her hair and shook her head to let it fall down in a messy tangle.
   “Evelina is so very formal,” Mel said, scrubbing at her hair with her fingers, which mussed it even more. “I much prefer how casual mundane society has become these days.”
“What was that she called me? Magallous?”
   Felicity pushed harder on my stomach, stretching herself until her front paws reached the coffee table, then rolling over to step from my lap to the table, and began lapping at her bowl of wine. I shook my head, thinking that couldn’t be good for a cat, but Mel treated it as something entirely normal.
   
   The glass for me was new, though, since Mel had offered me a single glass with dinner, but shut me down any other time I suggested I have alcohol outside of that.
   “Magellus,” Mel said. “It’s a title for young warlocks — rather like Mister in today’s parlance. Magella is the term for a young witch.”
“Oh, okay.”
   Mel closed her eyes and took another sip of her wine. It was clear she was thinking about something, so I waited for her.
   “First,” she began, taking another drink, “I am truly sorry that I didn’t take into account how you might react to finding out we are likely related. Witches track familial lines to a degree most mundanes would consider absurd — and I assumed, being raised as a mundane, a relationship of such distance wouldn’t be meaningful to you.”
“Does that mean you know for sure we’re related?”
   I wasn’t sure how that could be, given that I didn’t even know who my parents were, but I wanted it to be.
Mel shook her head and I felt my shoulders slump.
   “No, not to an absolute certainty, I suppose. Only that it’s very likely given your combination of resonants — Control is extremely rare and your particular combination I’ve only seen in my line. That means it’s very likely that we are, but I can’t be certain how. Quite confused as to how, actually. I do wish you knew your parents, though — I’d dearly love to trace your family history. Perhaps find…”
She shook her head.
   “What’s past is past and should remain so,” she muttered, taking a long drink of her wine.
   “However, we are related,” she went on, “however distant it is, I do believe we are.”
I swallowed hard, staring at her.
   “So … maybe an aunt? A cousin? Maybe we could take one of those DNA tests and —”
Mel chuckled, but her eyes seemed sad.
   “More distant than that, I’m afraid, but also more direct. Far more of both.”
“That still —”
Mel shook her head sadly.
   
   “No, I’m afraid at that degree of remove, there’s as much relation as nearly any two random people — at least at the genetic level. But I am certain I’m back there somewhere — and that is … more important to me than you can imagine.”
   Mel was silent for a time, staring into her wine, then she must have seen the disappointment on my face, because she leaned over and laid a hand over mine.
   “Genes can’t give a hug, Noah. Witches bear longer connections.” Mel sat back and closed her eyes. “I can understand your desire to connect with family, but I also won’t lie to you about how closely we might be connected. But, please, know that I do care for you — both Felicity and I.”
   I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I don’t think I knew until the possibility we were related came up how very much I wanted that — not necessarily with Mel, but with anyone. Even the tenuous feeling of family that came from a foster home was gone for me now, and I seemed to have latched onto Mel for that. Maybe I shouldn’t have, but there are some things you don’t have a choice in.
   “So,” Mel said, “the good news is that you are admitted to Willowmere and should begin preparing for that — as well as for having a roommate.”
CHAPTER TWELVE

WE TOOK THE TRAIN TO A MAGIC SCHOOL.
It was disappointing.
   The platform wasn’t hidden and the only food service was a cart with stale egg salad sandwiches expiring today — luckily Mel had packed us sandwiches she’d made herself.
   A cab took us from the station, out of town, and dropped us at the end of the school’s long driveway that ran for nearly half a mile between two streams with massive willows on the far side of each, then ended in a wide expanse of manicured grass around the school buildings. The driver made a circle around a heavily planted open space to stop at the far side of the circle.
   The school itself seemed to consist of three main buildings around that open, grassy space with the driveway on the fourth side. There were a few other buildings around, but those three and the open quad were the focal point.
   “We’re rather later than most,” Mel said as the cab pulled to stop. “The majority of students will have arrived earlier today or over the weekend.”
   It was late in the afternoon, in fact, and I only saw one other car dropping someone off, and she hurried toward one of the buildings towing a rolling suitcase before our cab even came to a complete stop. Aside from her, there was no one visible except for Prima Rosethorn waiting for us.
   We got out of the cab and retrieved our luggage from the trunk — I had luggage now, a small rolling suitcase as well as my new backpack, while
   
Mel had a larger case and a carrier full of Felicity. The cat hadn’t objected to getting into the carrier, but she was clearly not happy about it.
“Melaina,” Prima Rosethorn said. “Magellus Ashe. Welcome.” “Thank you, Evelina,” Mel said.
“Thank you, Prima,” I echoed. “Mrowr! Pffft!”
   Mel chuckled. “I’m afraid I should hurry to my rooms — Felicity isn’t fond of traveling like this.”
“Well, it’s her own fault,” Prima Rosethorn said. “If she’d only —” “Rrrowwrr!”
“Really, I should hurry, Evelina.”
“Oh, very well — your rooms are in the administrative building — 313.
You recall how to get there?”
   “I do, thank you.” Mel turned to me. “I’ll see you in class tomorrow, Noah.”
   I nodded, swallowing. I’d never liked new schools and this one was particularly new and a more intimidating place than a public school.
“Okay, Mel.”
   “Magistra Blackwood,” Prima Rosethorn corrected me. “The teachers here are referred to as Magistra.”
I nodded quickly as Mel chuckled.
“I understand, Prima — I’ll see you tomorrow, Magistra Blackwood.”
   Mel patted my arm and strode off, pulling her suitcase with Felicity’s carrier balanced on top.
   “For you, Magellus Ashe, you will find your room in the residence building there.” She pointed at the building to the left side of the quad. “You’re on the fifth-floor with the other first-years — room 506. I trust you can find it?”
“I’ll do my best, Prima.”
With that, she strode off as well, leaving me alone on the quad.



THE QUAD WAS EMPTY, but the residential building wasn’t.
   The bottom floor was a common area of sorts, with lots of seating and rooms with televisions, gaming consoles, and study cubicles. There was
   
more to the rear of the building, but the stairs were just inside the doors and I was headed to the fifth floor.
   The bustle of activity ceased as I came through the doors and a couple dozen girls stopped what they were doing to stare at me, then quickly began whispering to each other.
   That wasn’t unexpected — I was the only guy at an all-girls school, so of course I’d be an oddity. I did wonder if there’d been a rumor mill to let them know I was coming. Regardless, I just kept walking, trying not to make eye contact with anyone — I figured there’d be enough drama tomorrow and didn’t need any before classes started.
Right now, the only one I wanted to make a good impression on was my
… roommate.
   Not that I minded sharing a room with someone, I’d done that all my life, but, well, this was going to be different.
   I went up the stairs — five flights — because there didn’t seem to be an elevator. Luckily my bag wasn’t that heavy and I was able to just carry it by the handle. My room, 506, was about halfway down the hallway on the left-hand side.
   I entered the room, which had a narrow entry space. There was a bathroom to the right as I came in. The entryway was flanked by closets, then opened up into the main room with a bed on each side and two desks at the back just in front of a large window on the back wall.
   One of the beds was occupied, but all I could see from my angle by the door was a pair of sock-clad feet at the far end. The socks were brightly striped in a rainbow pattern and the toes twitched as the door shut behind me.
I took a step.
The socks, I saw, connected to a pair of jeans.
“Is that the feral warlock who’s going to ravish us all?”
   I paused, wondering what tone to take as the only guy at an all-girls school.
   My new roommate’s tone sounded like she was teasing, rather than hostile, so I thought a little riposte wouldn’t be amiss, but then who knew? Maybe I’d get hauled up before the Prima for sexual harassment?
   I decided the striped socks and her tone made that unlikely. Anyone who wore something that bright had to be fun.
   
   “Ravishers R Us, at your service. Ready for all your ravishing needs, day or night.” I tossed my pack toward the end of the unoccupied bed and stepped into the room to stare down at my new roommate.
   She was cuter than I’d expected, with a round face, button nose, and a lopsided grin. Long red hair tied back in a pony tail and green eyes, with a scattering of freckles. Petite, too — she’d probably give Morgan a run for her money on shortness. She wore a blue t-shirt with a pink unicorn and a rainbow on it.
“Noah Ashe,” I said, holding out my hand.
   The girl narrowed her eyes and stared at me for a moment, then took my hand, using it to pull herself up and stand.
   “Samantha Prescott,” she said. “Call me Sam — and keep your ravishing business elsewhere, I like girls.”
“What a coincidence, so do I.” Sam grinned.
   I sat on the edge of what I assumed was going to be my bed and Sam followed suit on hers. I noticed that the t-shirt wasn’t as sweet as it first appeared, since the rainbow seemed to be a result of the unicorn farting. I had a feeling I was going to get along well with my new roommate.
   “So is that what everyone’s saying?” I asked. “That I’m going to ravish everyone in the school.”
   “Only the foolish — others think they’ll be the ones to mark you and be heroes to their Family for bringing in a fresh warlock.”
“Great,” I said, “that marking thing again.”
   Sam shrugged. “It’s pretty important” she said. “Who you get marked by or who you mark, is pretty much the biggest event in a witch’s life.”
   “Well, I guess I haven’t known about it long enough for it to be that important to me.”
“That’s right, I heard you were completely feral.” “Feral?”
   Sam grinned. “That’s just what we call it when a warlock comes out of the outcasts and isn’t bound by a high priestess yet.”
   “Well, I have no intention of ever being bound to one, so I guess I’ll stay feral.”
   Sam’s grin fell. “Really?” Her brow furrowed. “What are you going to do then?” She held up a hand before I could answer. “Not that it’s any of my business, but don’t you want to be part of a coven?”
   
   I shrugged. “I don’t really know. I’m so new to this, but I know I’m not going to let somebody take control of me.”
Sam looked down at her feet. “Yeah, I get that.”
   Clearly there was something about control in her own life, but I wasn’t going to go there, having just met the girl.
   “Well,” she said into the awkward silence, “that backpack doesn’t look like it has your books and stuff in it. Did they not get any for you?”
   “The Prima just told me the room number and sent me up.” I shrugged. “She didn’t say anything about books.”
   “You’re going to need them by the first class tomorrow morning.” Sam hopped to her feet. “So, we should go pick them up now — the supply office closes in an hour. Did you get your schedule yet?”
I shook my head.
   “They’re really throwing you to the wolves, huh? Yeah, even the staff has been talking about you. I don’t think they expect you to be here long, which is probably why they put me in here with you.”
“Really. Are you my punishment?”
   Sam chuckled “I think we’re punishment for each other. They probably figure that whoever your roommate is they’re going to try to mark you or you’re going to try to mark them, and I’m no great loss to my Family if that happens.”
I frowned “Why do you say that?” “I’m a onesie.”
“A onesie?”
   Sam chuckled. “Crone’s wrinkles, I’m going to have to teach you everything?” She held up one finger. “A onesie has one resonant. Most witches have two. The really powerful have three.” She shrugged “Onesies don’t have a lot of power. That’s why my mother sent me here. She thought maybe the staff could help increase my power enough so I’d be useful to a coven. If not, I’ll wind up just a servant.” She put on a very serious voice that was clearly mockery of someone. “And that would be embarrassing to the Family and Mother.”
“That seems harsh.”
   “There aren’t enough covens to take any but the best and most powerful witches. Nobody wants someone who isn’t powerful. And I have a crap resonant, too, so I’m not holding out much hope.”
   
   “What’s your resonant?” I asked, wondering what could be considered crap by witches when it allowed them to do magic.
   Sam stared at me for a moment. “Asking what someone’s resonant is just like that? That’s pretty fucking rude.”
   “Oh, shit,” I said, “I’m sorry. Mel told me not to ask things like that, but I forgot.”
   Sam stared at me a moment longer, then grinned “I’m just messing with you. Well, it is rude and a lot of people might get upset at your asking that but mine’s pretty much an open secret, so I don’t mind.”
She took a deep breath.
   “I got stuck with Love.” She grimaced. “And not, like, friendship love or family love that might be useful, but fucking romantic love. What’re yours? If you don’t mind telling me … and even if you do, since you asked about mine. Fair’s fair.”
   Why did I even ask that question? Mel had told me not to tell anybody I had three resonants, but I really didn’t want to start my relationship with a new roommate with a lie. Especially because Sam seemed really cool and accepting — something I figured I’d need here.
   “Um, Lust and Pain” I said quickly, feeling a little weird about saying that first one to some girl I just met.
   If I just told her the two and left one out, that wouldn’t be the same as lying. It would just be an omission. Control was the big issue, so I couldn’t tell Sam about that.
   “Oh!” Sam said. “Those two should be … fun? Do you know your affinities yet?”
I shook my head. “You?”
   “No, I have such a tiny bit of mana to work with that nothing’s shown up yet.”
“Oh. So, what’s so bad about having Love as your resonance anyway?”
