CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

I  THINK  I  MANAGED  TO  KEEP  THE  LOOK  OFF  MY  FACE  AT  LUNCH  —  OR,  AT
least, no one noticed because they were all busy making fun of Rachel’s lunch.
“Grilled chicken?” Sam asked.
   “Are those vegetables? I don’t think I’ve ever seen Rachel eat a vegetable.”
“How’d they even get a scoop of rice without the cheese sauce?”
   “I need to eat right!” Rachel protested, turning her nose up as she crunched on steamed broccoli. “Lean protein, complex carbs, and natural sugars.” She swallowed the broccoli and started peeling a banana. “I need to be at my best!”
   “She’s right, guys, leave her alone,” Hannah said. “She needs to keep her head on right.”
“Thanks,” Rachel said, quickly eating her banana.
   She had a case with her spellstick … stick? Whatever, she had it on the table next to her and was eating with one hand so she could keep the fingertips of the other on the case. She rinsed the banana down with the last of her water — another new thing, since I’d never seen her drink anything but soda.
   “I’m so nervous,” Rachel said as we all stood and dropped our trays off at the counter.
   “You’re gonna do great,” Brittany assured her. “You’ve got your own stick and everything.”
We left the dorms and started walking to the spellstick field.
   
   “Yeah,” Rachel said, “but I’ve never really played — I’ve played at playing, but I haven’t really played before. Not with spells and everything. What if the other girls have more experience? What if I freeze up and can’t cast a spell? What if I cast the wrong spell? What if I trip? What if —"
   “Whoa, there,” Sam said, skipping in front of Rachel and stopping her with hands on the other girl’s shoulders. “Deep breath. Good, now: Who’s been watching spellstick games her whole life?”
“Me.”
“And who’s memorized the entire spellstick rulebook?” “Me,” Rachel said quietly.
“And who knows every play in the Banshee’s playbook?” “Me,” Rachel whispered.
   “You know everything about this game. Everything. The other first- and second-years aren’t going to have any more time playing than you. They’ve never played with real spells, either, and there’s no fucking way they know more about this game than you. Now, who’s going to rock this tryout?”
“Me,” Rachel said, voice a little firmer. “Who’s going to be the best middie out there?” “Me,” Rachel said.
   “Who’s going to be out there leading the Junior Wyverns the first time they kick the seniors’ ass?”
“Me!”
“Alright, then!”
   We all slapped Rachel on the back and we started walking again, Rachel with a much more confident stride. She was almost marching, shoulders back and head higher than I’d ever seen the shy girl hold it.
Rachel marched into the stadium like she owned it.
   One section of the bleachers was almost half full. When we came in the girls there waved at us and Hannah and Brittany waved back.
   The team was already suited up and on the field running drills while their coach walked the sidelines, blowing her whistle and yelling instructions.
   Rachel set her case on the bottom bleacher bench and unzipped it. She slowly pulled her spellstick stick out and I swear I was half expecting her to kiss the thing or something.
   She took a deep breath, squared her shoulders and walked over to the sidelines, while the rest of us went over to the group in the bleachers.
   
   “Remember,” Hannah was telling the girls there. “When it’s Rachel’s turn, really turn it up.”
   All the girls nodded, grinning, but Brittany was looking around, a frown on her face.
“What’s wrong?” I asked her. “Something’s not right,” Brittany said. “What?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is somebody going to get hurt?” Sam asked.
   Rachel was still waiting for the coach, who’d glanced at her a couple times, then gone back to yelling instructions at the players.
“What’s going on?” I asked Sam.
“Brittany’s a precog,” she said. “She thinks something’s wrong.” “Precog? Like precognition? Seeing the future?”
Sam nodded.
   “I’m not very strong,” Brittany said. “I just get feelings sometimes — and something’s wrong.”
“Like what?”
“Oh, no,” Sam whispered. She looked around. “Oh, no, no, no, no, no.”
   The spellstick coach was talking to Rachel now, and Rachel looked so happy I didn’t even want to look around to see what was bothering Sam. Rachel was grinning like her head was going to split in half and she was bouncing up and down with excitement.
“What is it?” I asked Sam. “Where are the other girls?” “What?”
“The other girls for the tryouts,” Sam whispered.
   She started for Rachel, but it was too late as I realized what she meant. The team was on the field, the coach was on the sidelines, the girls Hannah, Brittany, and Sam had rounded up to cheer for Rachel were in the stands … but that was it.
   Rachel was the only one here to try out and I watched her smile fade as the coach must have been telling her that.
   Telling her there were no tryouts, there were no Junior Wyverns, and everything Rachel had been so excited about was some kind of cruel joke.
“Rachel!” Sam yelled, but the other girl was already gone.
She dropped her stick, left it right there on the sidelines and ran.
   
Sam ran after her and that’s when I heard the laughter.
   From up in the bleachers, in the top row where I hadn’t noticed them before, Cassandra and four of her little cliquemates were pointing at where Rachel had left the stadium and laughing.
   “Oh, Goddess,” Brittany whispered while Hannah, I guess, was explaining what had happened to the girls who’d come to support Rachel.
   I turned my back on Cassandra and her friends. I couldn’t see them laughing — if I did, I was going to do something I’d regret, I knew. Girl or not, I found my fists clenching.
   To try and distract myself from what I wanted to do to Cassandra, I walked over to the sidelines to retrieve Rachel’s stick. The coach was still there, frowning.
“Was that some kind of trick?” the coach asked me.
I picked up Rachel’s stick and brushed the grass and dirt from it. “Yeah,” I nodded.
“That’s…”
“Yeah,” I nodded again. “It’s exactly that.”
   I turned around and took Rachel’s stick back to its case, set it inside, and slowly zipped it closed.
“What’s wrong, feral? Didn’t your little onesie make the team?” I closed my eyes.
Don’t even look at her, I told myself.
I picked up the case and started walking, head down. “What? No clever comeback? Not going to insult me again? I had to look. I couldn’t help myself.
   Cassandra and her friends were halfway down the bleachers, all of them laughing and smiling.
I looked at Cassandra … and all my anger went away. I was just sad.
   These girls lived in a world with literal fucking magic. Their families had more money than … anyone. Cassandra was as gorgeous as any of them — perfect teeth, perfect nose, perfect figure, especially if you liked boobs right on the edge of too much, and even her stupid, pointed ears were perfect.
All that, and she was still being mean and cruel.
   What had to be broken inside her to make her do something like that to anyone, much less Rachel?
   
“I hope it gets better for you,” I said. “What?” she asked, laughing.
“Whatever it is inside you that makes you so … broken.” “Oh, I’m broken? Not your defective onesies?”
   I shook my head. “Rachel’s probably the kindest, gentlest girl at this school. She’d never hurt anyone.” Well, maybe on the spellstick field … if she ever went near one again after this. “To do that to her?”
I shook my head again and walked away.
   “Whatever it is that made you so angry and cruel — I’m sorry and I hope it gets better.”



RACHEL WAS in our room with Sam when I got back.
I set Rachel’s spellstick case by the door.
She was curled up on my bed with her head in Sam’s lap, still crying.
   I sat on the floor by Sam’s legs and wrapped an arm around Rachel’s back.
“Did you kill her?” Sam asked in a whisper. I shook my head, rubbing Rachel’s back.
“Did you throw her off the fucking bleachers?” I shook my head.
“Well, what did you do to her?”
   “I told her I was sorry for whatever it is that made her so angry and cruel and I hope it gets better.”
Sam was silent for a minute. “Remind me not to piss you off.
Cassandra’s going to hate the idea of someone feeling sorry for her.” Rachel sniffed. “It was Cassandra?”
I nodded. “Yeah.”
I kept rubbing Rachel’s back while Sam stroked her hair. “I hate her,” Rachel whispered.
“Don’t say that,” Sam whispered, stroking her hair.
   It nearly broke my heart, because I couldn’t imagine this sweet girl hating anyone.
   I scooted across the floor and got Sam’s laptop from her bed, then went back to my spot on the floor and opened it up, starting a web browser and
   
going to the video site where the witches posted their spellstick videos. “What are you doing?” Rachel whispered.
“We’re going to watch a spellstick game.” Rachel shook her head. “I don’t want to.” “Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Sam asked.
   “This is our thing,” I told Rachel. “You come to our room and we watch spellstick and you make fun of me for not knowing the rules.” I clicked play. “Are you going to let Cassandra take our thing away from us?”
Again with the forest — I was beginning to feel a bit like Scrooge, except I was the one visiting the spirits.
   I didn’t even bother looking around, just started walking down the path to the clearing — that was going to be where I was wanted anyway. I just hoped it was Aurora and not Viera this time.
It turned out to be neither.
   As I entered the clearing, I initially thought I was alone, but then I saw a figure at the clearing’s edge to my right.
Taller than Aurora but standing straighter than Viera.
Great, a new one, I thought.
   The sun was lower in the sky this time, so I had to blink as I changed course and walked toward the woman. Closer, I saw that she was young — my age, maybe — with long blonde hair bound back with a ribbon. She wore a rough, loose-fitting blouse, hardly laced in front, and a long skirt that stopped just above her bare feet.
Had Viera worn shoes?
   I couldn’t remember — I thought the old woman’s cloak had been too long to tell.
   Then, as she drew even closer, I stopped walking and simply stared. It wasn’t just that she was beautiful — it was that she was Beauty. As though she embodied every meaning of the word and more.
   I stood still and simply watched her approach me, each step like the most sensuous dance I’d ever seen. Her golden hair caught the sun and sent beams of light sparkling through the clearing. Her eyes caught those beams
   
and glowed. Mere steps away, the scent of flowers overpowered me, as though every blossom in the world had suddenly opened, ready to accept — The vision of loveliness placed her fingertip underneath my jaw, setting my skin afire, and I stopped breathing — until she shoved my jaw up
sharply, causing my teeth to clack together on my tongue.
   “And that’s why I can’t use this form, even though it’s my favorite.” She stepped back and glared at me. “Boys.”
“How many of you are there?” I asked after I’d recovered myself.
   “Just four. The Child, the Maiden, the Mother, and the Crone — don’t call her that, she doesn’t like it.”
   I vowed to remember that, because I didn’t think I wanted to know what Viera would do to me if I called her a crone.
“You’re the Maiden?” I asked.
   She nodded. “I am.” She caught her lower lip between her teeth and lowered her eyes, lashes fluttering. “For now?”
   My vision blurred, narrowing to just the sight of perfect, white teeth pinching a luscious, pink lip. My heart pounded and blood rushed — pain exploded in my right shin.
   “Ow!” I cried, grasping my leg and hopping away from her. “What was that for?”
   “Because you need to think with your brains, not your balls. Not even two questions and you’re falling all over yourself — have some self-control, will you!”
   I started to apologize, since she was right — I couldn’t seem to concentrate when I thought about her … then I paused and frowned.
“No,” I said, then waggled my finger at her. “Oh, no no no.” “What are you talking about?”
   “You did the lip thing. And the —” I fluttered my lashes at her. “—thing. And the whole, ‘Oh, yes, I’m the Maiden … for now?’ thing. You know exactly what that does to a guy and you did it on purpose — you don’t get to complain when you get exactly what you asked for!”
   She stared at me in shock for a moment, then her face collapsed into a horrifying scowl and she glared up at the sky.
   “You hag!” she screamed, then looked back at me, furious. “You’ve seen that utter witch already, haven’t you?”
“What —”
   
   “Don’t deny it! I can smell her arthritis cream on you from here. What did she give you?”
“What —”
“Viera! What gift did she give you?” “Um, she said strength, I think?”
   Her face froze, still in a scowl — which didn’t change how beautiful she was. Frankly, she could yell at me all day and I’d be perfectly … I shook myself, blinking, and scowled back, but she’d already turned her glare back up at the sky.
   “Strength against wiles? Really?” She stomped her feet, pumping her arms with her fists clenched. “Do you have any idea what that’s going to do to my girls? And that’s persistent — it’ll take us ages to breed that out of the line!”
   She stomped over to the stone block and hopped up on it, muttering to herself.
   “Um, do you have a name?” I asked, edging around to put the bulk of the stone between us.
   “Call me Aveline,” she said, face still angry but not so much so that it made me think I was about to be struck by lightning. “And I am quite cross with you.”
“Sorry?”
   “Oh, it’s not your fault, I suppose.” Aveline sighed. “It’s just Viera being Viera. Always so smug — like she knows best.” She took on an older, snide tone. “‘Look at me, I’m so much older. I have more experience. I have perspective.’” She glared up at the sky again. “Well, I’d rather lack perspective, than moisture, you dried up old bag!”
   She hopped off the stone and came over to me, making me back up a couple steps.
   “Fine, let’s get this over with since it’s not going to be any fun.” She started speaking rapidly. “Hello, Noah Ashe, I’m the Maiden and I have for you a gift and a geas. The geas is I want you to teach my children to have fun again — they’ve become a bunch of stodgy, stick in the muds —” She spoke to the sky again. “— just like some others I could name!” She looked back at me. “Got it?”
“How am I supposed to —”
   “I don’t know — tickle them or something — but I want to see some fucking joy, understand?”
   
“Um, okay, I guess.” My dreams were just getting weirder and weirder. “Good. Now for the gift —” She pursed her lips. “Fine, the old biddy
wants to make it hard for my girls? Resistance to wiles? Hmph. Let’s double-down — I’m going to give you some of my power, and they’re still going to wrap you around their little fingers, just see if they don’t.”
She slipped a hand behind my neck, pulled me close and tilted her head.
Our lips met and…