The forest again, so I knew I was dreaming.
   Then I frowned, because I remembered Aurora and the previous dream I’d had here, but I also remembered not remembering the dream when I was awake.
   Had the previous dream actually occurred, or was remembering it part of this dream? Did our dreaming selves have memories our waking selves didn’t? That would be weird.
I looked around for Aurora, but didn’t see her. “Come on, boy, I don’t have all night.”
   I turned back to the empty bit of forest where I’d just looked and found an old woman.
   Very old. Wrinkled, hunched, head so bowed it seemed a strain for her to crane her neck enough to look me in the eye. She did, though, with a pale blue, rheumy gaze.
   “Well?” she said, raising her right hand, which gripped a gnarled cane, and gesturing toward the clearing.
“Who are you? Where’s Aurora?”
   I had a feeling I was going to wind up liking the little girl a lot more than the old woman.
“I’m Viera. The Child’s already spoken to you — it’s my turn.” “Maybe I don’t want you to have a turn,” I said, backing away.
   My heel came down on something sharp and I looked down to see what I’d stepped on.
“What the hell! Why am I naked?”
   
I quickly covered myself with my hands and backed up farther. Viera cackled — I couldn’t even call it a laugh, definitely a cackle.
   “If you don’t want to be naked in your dreams, boy, then exercise some discipline with them.” She gestured toward the clearing again. “Come on, then, no one cares about your twig and berries.” She lowered her gaze. “Or branch … I’ll grant you branch.”
I felt my face go hot and tried to cover myself more completely. “Come on, boy, to the Grove.”
“Why?”
Viera raised her eyes to mine again and scowled.
   “Because you can walk there or I can grab you by whatever’s handy and drag you,” she said, glancing pointedly at my hands.
   “Okay, okay,” I muttered, edging my way around her and back to the trail, then walking toward the clearing. “The other manifestation of my subconscious was a lot nicer.”
   There was a loud swish then a sharp pain on my ass as she smacked me with her cane.
“Don’t be cheeky.”
I skipped forward quickly, turning my head to keep an eye on her. “What do you want?” I asked, figuring I should let my subconscious get
this message across as quickly as possible so I could escape from its cranky, stick-wielding old woman manifestation.
   “Same as the Child,” Viera said, following me to the block of stone. “A gift and a geas.”
“A what?”
“Which didn’t you understand? Gift or geas?” “I’m not an idiot,” I said.
   “The thing about this form, boy, is I have a lot of self-control — but that comment tests even me.” She set her cane on the stone block and leaned against it. “Aurora gave you her gift and her geas, an obligation, and now it’s my turn.”
I thought about my dream with Aurora, but didn’t remember any gifts
— yeah, she’d asked me to tell someone something and I’d agreed, so I guess that was an obligation.
“I don’t think she gave me anything…”
   “Love and reassurance aren’t gifts?” Viera asked. “Though why she’d waste her geas on such a silly thing, I don’t know.”
   
   I remembered the feeling of being unconditionally loved and immediately regretted my words. That had, indeed, been a gift, and I wanted to apologize to Aurora for ever doubting that. The feeling had been so overwhelming that a simple thank you didn’t seem nearly enough.
“She knows, lad,” Viera said, almost kindly, making me eye her warily. “Okay, thanks — so you want something from me?”
   Aurora had just asked me to pass along a message, I wasn’t sure I really wanted to know what this old woman wanted me to do.
   “And a gift,” she said, reaching toward me and touching my forehead lightly with a finger.
   I wanted to move away, but seemed rooted in place. Viera’s touch was dry and cool, the skin of her fingertip thin and papery.
“There,” she said, withdrawing her touch. “Um —”
   “I know, I know, you feel no different, and you likely won’t notice it, but I’ve given you a bit of strength. We know you’ll need it and it’ll come to you when you do. Now, the geas — return my family to me.”
   “What?” I was asking that a lot, but this seemed like a really big task when I didn’t know who the hell she was.
   “My family’s lost their way — I want the little fools back. Even the annoying ones.” She frowned. “That’s most of them these days, to tell the truth.”
I shook my head. “How am I supposed to —”
   I broke off and leapt back as Viera’s cane slashed through the space I’d just left.
“Hey!”
“Don’t be a fool, boy, you should know full well.” “Well, I don’t!”
   Viera sniffed. “Well, you’d better figure it out, hadn’t you? That’s my geas — bring my family back to the proper path. Fail at your peril.”
“That’s not fair!”
   I didn’t know what kind of peril the old woman might have in mind, but I was pretty sure it was peril I didn’t want.
   “Fair? Boy, you should find the one who told you life would be fair and kick him right in the fork. He lied to you.”
   “But how am I supposed to do that if you won’t tell me who your family is or what path you’re talking about? This doesn’t make any sense!”
   
   The old woman chuckled. “Oi, did the right bastard tell you life would make sense, too?” She raised her cane. “It’ll come to you, boy. It’ll come.” She glanced up at the sky. “Time to go — fare well.”
“Wait, can I ask you a question?” “Of course.”
“Are there more of you?”
She tapped me in the chest with her cane.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I  WOKE  UP  EARLY  THE  NEXT  MORNING  TO  THE  ROOM’S  ALARM  CLOCK  GOING
off.
I crawled out of bed, slapped the stop button, and whispered, “Sam?
You awake?”
   The shadowed form in her bed rolled toward the wall and disappeared under a blanket.
“Sleepy-time,” Sam mumbled.
   “The alarm went off — we need to get ready for class. Sleepy-time is over.”
“Snoozy-time!”
   I chuckled. “All right, I’ll hit the shower — but I’m turning the room light on as soon as I’m done.”
“Snoozy!”
   I grabbed my clothes and went into the bathroom, closing the door before I turned the light on. I quickly showered and brushed my teeth, then dressed and opened the bathroom door. Our room was every bit as dark as when I’d entered the bathroom.
“Sam? I’m turning on the light.” “Snoozy-time!”
“Snoozy-time is over.”
I turned on the room’s light. “I hate you! You’re mean!”
   I chuckled again. “You’d hate me more if I let you be late for class the first day.”
   
Sam dragged the blanket off her face, grumbling, and glared at me. “How can you be functional this early?” she asked.
I shrugged. “I don’t know — I’ve always kinda been a morning person.” She struggled her way to her feet and went to her closet.
   “I knew you were some kind of pervert,” she mumbled, heading for the bathroom with a pile of clothes.
   I took a moment while Sam was dressing and doing whatever else girls do in the bathroom to go through the books and supplies I’d picked up yesterday.
   It was pretty basic stuff — a couple of notebooks, a few pencils, and most of it fit in my backpack once I’d unpacked all my clothes.
   I busied myself with arranging two notebooks and four pencils in my backpack along with my books so I could pretend I wasn’t watching as Sam came from the bathroom, sat on her bed and drew on her socks. Her t-shirt was pastel-colored cartoon bears … involved in some improbable and possibly illegal acts.
“Okay,” she mumbled, sliding on her shoes. “Let’s get some breakfast.”



THE CAFETERIA SMELLED like bacon when we arrived.
   There was less of a line than there had been for dinner, and Sam explained that breakfast and lunch were more casual than dinner, since the cafeteria was open longer to accommodate the different class schedules.
   “Dinner’s the only meal that everyone’s out of class all at once,” she said, grabbing a tray.
I took a tray for myself and we made our way down the line.
   “Breakfast is anytime from five to ten,” she went on, “and lunch from eleven to two.”
   The options for breakfast looked every bit as good as dinner the night before, maybe better.
   The steam trays held bacon, sausage links and patties, fried potatoes, and fake scrambled eggs, but there was also an omelet station serving real eggs any way you liked, and, beyond that, pancakes, French toast, waffles, and a variety of breads and pastries. A table to the side held a crock of
   
oatmeal, with a variety of dried fruits, and the coolers held a selection of juices and milk.
   Sam made her way to the coffee urns next to the juice and poured herself a cup that was about equal parts coffee, milk, and sugar. I grabbed a cup of black, a glass of orange juice, and then had my plate loaded up with bacon and sausage before throwing on a couple pancakes and smothering the whole thing in syrup.
Sam got a bowl of oatmeal with every dried fruit and nut available.
   “All that meat is going to kill you,” she said. “The first bodywork you’re going to have to concentrate on is clearing your damn arteries.”
   “Wait — are you saying witches can eat anything they want then just magic it away?”
   “Mother’s sigh, really?” my roommate huffed. “Just because you can use magic to fix something doesn’t mean you should break it in the first place.”
   We reached the onesies table, which was still apparently a thing despite the more casual atmosphere of breakfast, and found Rachel already there.
   Sam set her tray down and looked at Rachel’s plate, which had more syrupy bacon on it than my own did.
“Really?” Sam commented.
“Mwut?” Rachel asked around a mouthful.
I went to the side of the table opposite Sam and sat next to Rachel. “Sam’s opposed to bacon,” I told her, cutting my pancakes into bite-
sized pieces.
Rachel’s eyes went wide. “But bacon’s good!”
   “You’re damn right, bacon’s good,” I said, holding up my hand for a fist bump.
Rachel flushed red, but touched her fist to mine.
   “I’m not opposed to bacon,” Sam said. “I just don’t have so much magic that I can repair the consequences of —” She gestured at our plates. “—eating an entire pig for breakfast.”
   I speared two slices of bacon with my fork, folded them over, and stabbed a couple bites of pancake before shoving the mess into my mouth.
“I’m sorry,” Rachel said, “I can move down there if it bothers you.” “It doesn’t bother me, I just —”
“What bothers you?” Hannah asked as she and Brittany joined us.
   
“Bacon,” I told her.
“Oh,” Hannah said. “I’m a sausage girl.”
   Hannah speared a sausage link and stuffed it in her mouth. I refrained from commenting.
   “You’re all going to have heart attacks and I’m going to laugh,” Sam said, putting her head down and staring at her oatmeal.
   After that we all chatted about other things, including comparing schedules to see who was in what classes, then it was time to go to our first class.
   As we were all standing up, Rachel’s plate slipped from her hands and landed in her lap — upside down, of course, so that her heavy skirt was covered in syrup.
“Oh, no!”
   “Oh!” Brittany said, then hurried around the table to help. “I’ll take your tray — you hurry back to the dorms and change for class.”
“Thanks,” Rachel said, hurrying away.
   What I was glad she hadn’t caught sight of was Cassandra and a couple other girls looking our way and laughing. I caught Sam’s eye and nodded their way.
“Do you think she did something?” I asked.
Sam frowned as we picked up our trays and backpacks.
   “Maybe? I’m not sure what Cassandra’s affinities are — we’re kind of far away, though, unless she’s more powerful than I think she is. You need to be careful of her, though — she’s not going to forget what you said at dinner yesterday.”
   “Well, if Mel and Felicity couldn’t get through my shields, I don’t think she will.”
   Sam frowned and avoided looking at Cassandra’s table as we made our way to the doors.
   “She doesn’t necessarily have to get through your shields to do something. Look what she just did to Rachel — if she did it.”
Out of the corner of my eye I could see Cassandra watching us walk by. “I’m pretty sure she did,” I said.
“Watch out, onesie!” Cassandra called. “I think the feral’s after you!”
   Under cover of the laughter that followed, I leaned into Sam and whispered.
“You said everyone already knows you’re gay, right? Mind if I use it?”
   
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Okay?”
I turned back to Cassandra.
   “How does it feel to be at the bottom of the list for both the only guy in school and the lesbian?”



“I REALLY HOPE I don’t have to insult Cassandra at every meal,” I said as Sam and I exited the residence building and made our way across the quad to the classrooms.
   “I’ll share some things about her from summer camp that could give you some new material,” Sam said. “There was a bathroom incident she probably still thinks about before falling asleep.”
   Our first class was in a lecture hall on the first floor of the building. Rows of tiered seating rose from where we entered, with a podium and whiteboards filling the bottom.
Sam led me up the steps to the last row. “Let me guess, another onesie thing?”
   “Yeah, but also by choice.” She slid her backpack under one of the desks that lined the rows and pulled out her chair. “We learn pretty quick not to let anyone sit behind us.”
She froze and caught her lower lip between her teeth.
   “Um, you don’t have to,” she said, not looking at me. “You have two resonants. You can sit anywhere you want, if you —”
   “What? No way. I’m sticking with the onesies —” I caught sight of Rachel and Brittany coming through the door and waved to get their attention. That, of course, caught the attention of others and the whispering and pointing started again as more and more girls filed into the hall. “You girls have been nice to me, which is more than I can say about the rest of them.”
   Brittany sat next to Sam and Rachel sat next to me after giving me a little questioning look and getting a nod. Rachel had changed her shirt as well after the syrup incident and the loose, baggy top was open enough for me to catch a glimpse of creamy, white cleavage as she sat.
   
   I felt a swelling in my pants and double-checked my resonant stores to make sure they weren’t unbalanced again, but they were fine, so it was just me perving on my new friend.
   I dragged my eyes away before Rachel could catch me staring — the poor girl was so shy and quiet that her head would probably explode if she knew I’d been checking out her boobs.
   Just then the class quieted as Prima Rosethorn entered the classroom, causing everyone to go quiet and hurry to their seats before she reached the podium.