“I AM SO SORRY,” Priscilla whispered as soon as we were on the quad. “It’s okay.”
   “No, it isn’t — I’m so embarrassed. I can’t believe she … she…” Priscilla grabbed my arm and stopped walking. She closed her eyes and her face was bright red.
I looked back at the administrative building and saw a figure in Prima
Rosethorn’s window.
“Is that your mom watching us?”
Priscilla glanced back and then away quickly.
   “Crone’s boils!” She started walking again, pulling me along. “Please, don’t tell anyone about this. Just make something up, or just tell them that my mom asked you if you’d like to join the Family and no more? Please don’t tell them my mom suggested we, you know.”
   “I’ll try,” I reassured her, but I wasn’t too confident about that because Sam had a way of either figuring out what I didn’t want to say or figuring out some way to get me to say it.
   “Thanks. And thanks for not telling my mother that we’ve never talked.”
“No problem, and thanks for not … you know.”
Priscilla giggled. “Trying to seduce and capture you for my Family?” “Yeah, that would’ve been awkward.”
   “I know, right? It’s like every girl in the school got the same instructions from her mom, and we’re really weirded out about it.”
“Really?”
   
   Priscilla nodded. “Yeah, I mean, we all know we are probably going to wind up in a coven with a warlock we don’t know very well, that’s normal
—”
   I didn’t really think it was normal, and I was a little bit creeped out that all the witches did.
   “— but Susan’s mom told her if she couldn’t mark you for the Family before we graduate, then she’d wind up scrubbing floors for the rest of her life and would never get a coven.”
“Really? That’s harsh.”
   Priscilla nodded again. “I don’t think she was serious about the scrubbing, but still. Is she still watching?”
   We’d reached the steps of the classroom building. I took a quick glance back at the admin building and still saw a shadowy figure in Prima Rosethorn’s window.
“I think so — I can’t really tell who it is but I don’t think Prima
Rosethorn would be watching us all this time.” Priscilla stopped walking and turned to face me.
   “Do you think you could … I don’t know, laugh or something like I told you a joke? I … I don’t know if my mother really believed that we just haven’t had time to get to know each other. It might cut down on her demands for progress if she thought we liked each other a little.”
“Demands?”
   “Every. Fucking. Week. Every email I get from her, she wants a ‘progress report’ and it’s driving me crazy.”
I chuckled. “Okay… So tell me a joke.” Priscilla’s eyes widened. “What?”
   I grinned. “You can’t expect me to laugh on demand — give me your best joke.”
Priscilla flushed red and looked away. “Okay, let me think a minute.” “Make sure it’s a good one — I’m ready for it.”
“Okay — why are new covens made of thirteen witches?” “I don’t know — why?”
“Because we can’t even.” I stared at her blank faced.
   “Because	most	covens	are	formed	when	we’re	teens,”	Priscilla prompted.
“And?”
   
Priscilla sighed. “Teen girls can’t even?” “I don’t get it.”
   “How can you not get it! Teen girls go into a coven in odd numbers — we can’t even!”
I shrugged.
   “I can’t believe it — I just dissed every girl in the school and you don’t get it.”
   I couldn’t hold it in anymore — my smile widened and I broke into a laugh.
“I was just screwing with you,” I said between laughs.
   Priscilla’s face grew outraged, then she broke into a wide grin and punched me in the arm knocking me backward.
“You asshole!”
I laughed more and went up the steps to open the door and hold it for
   
her.


“Think that’ll get your mom off your back for a while?” “Yeah, thanks.”
She paused again once we were inside the classroom building — classes
   
were still in session, so the halls were empty.
“You, um, aren’t as bad as some of the girls say.” “Do any of the girls saying that know me?”
   Priscilla laughed. “Nope.” She looked around and then back at me. “You know, you could maybe come sit with us sometime? I know Cassandra’s a real witch, but you put her in her place a couple times already. The other girls would probably keep her off your back.”
“So they can tell their moms they talked to me?” Priscilla nodded. “Yeah.”
   There was no way in hell I was going to ever sit at a table with Cassandra — and much as I was kind of liking Priscilla in this exchange, she was still part of Cassandra’s little clique. She hadn’t been part of the group at the spellstick field, though, so maybe she wasn’t as bad as the rest? “I’m kind of happy where I’ve been sitting — you could come sit with
us.”
“With the onesies?”
“So long as you didn’t pick on them,” I said.
“I don’t … that much — it’s mostly Cassandra and a couple other girls.”
   
   I shrugged. “I don’t know — if you hang around with them and go along with their bullying, does that really make a difference?”
   Priscilla flushed red. “It’s … I didn’t know what she was going to do to your friend.”
“Rachel?”
   She nodded. “When I found out, I told her that was too much, but she’s not going to listen to me.” She licked her lips. “Is she okay?”
I nodded. “That’s good.”
“Why does Cassandra pick on them so much anyway?” I asked.
   Priscilla shrugged. “I don’t know — she wasn’t always like this, but once she came into her power? It’s like she’s always angry — and if she isn’t angry, she’s sad. It’s weird. I mean, we all change, right? Our resonants change us when we come into our power, but Cassandra? She didn’t used to be like this at all.”
   “Well, she’s like it now,” I said. “And I think it sucks.” I shifted my backpack on my shoulder to a more comfortable position. “I need to get back to class … but it was nice actually meeting you, Priscilla.”
She stepped back and lowered her eyes. “You too.” She turned quickly to head off.
   I had a sudden thought and figured it couldn’t hurt — I’d been flirting with Katrina in potions pretty regularly and we’d been getting along, maybe if Priscilla liked me a bit more word might get around that I wasn’t some ravening animal.
“Hey, Priscilla?” “Yeah?”
“I think your mom’s probably wrong.” “About what?”
   “I don’t see how the Hearsts could possibly have any witches prettier than you.”
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

HALLOWEEN MONTH WAS OVER, BUT NOT HALLOWEEN.
   The faire, which had resumed after we knew Sam wasn’t going to blow up all over the place, stopped on the thirtieth and most of the day on Halloween itself was spent tearing everything down and storing it away for the next year — All Hallow’s Eve itself being reserved for the witches and their own rituals.
   A month of running kids, heavy carts of supplies, and rampaging werewolves had done a number on the grass of the quad and sports field — I thought it would take more than the next year for it to recover, but then saw a couple teachers and some students pushing mana into what grass was left and it quickly filled in the bare and worn spots despite the late-Fall temperatures.
   The cafeteria staff made up box lunches for everyone so we wouldn’t have to stop working for so long, and what I’d come to think of as my group of friends — Sam, Rachel, Hannah, and Brittany — found a clear spot between the buildings and sports field to sit down and eat away from everyone else.
   It was a clear day and it was still warm in the sun, despite the time of year.
   The conversation ran mostly about the tasks of cleaning up the faire until I caught Brittany and Hannah whispering and giggling with sidelong glances at me.
“What?” I asked.
That only set them off giggling more.
   
“Do you know what’s got into them?” I asked Sam. Sam shrugged.
   “No clue,” she said, then reached behind me to tap Rachel on the shoulder. “You?”
   Rachel jumped. “No!” She blushed bright red and turned, putting me more between her and Sam. “I mean, no, I don’t know what they’re giggling about.”
   I was about to ask Rachel and Sam what had gotten into them, too — they’d both been weird for the last month.
   Rachel seemed to be avoiding Sam for some reason, even going so far as to sit on my bed rather than Sam’s when she was visiting us in our room, which had become a real rarity anyway, and she’d switched seats in History to the far end of the row next to Hannah. But she also kept asking if Sam was okay — if she was feeling all right or acting different. Asking me, not Sam, because she hardly spoke to Sam anymore.
   Sam was being even weirder. Every time I got back to the room after classes, she’d ask me what Rachel had done in Potions and Rituals — if I thought she needed any help with Potions, since Sam was in a more advanced class, or just what I’d talked about with her in those classes.
Freaking girls, right?
   “So, is it true Priscilla’s mom made her show you her boobs?” Hannah asked.
“What?”
   I looked at Sam — I’d told her what happened with Priscilla and her mom, but she’d promised to keep it quiet. I had trouble believing she’d break the promise, much less … embellish the story like that.
“Wasn’t me,” Sam said, holding up her hands in defense.
   “Who told you that?” I asked, then realized what the question sounded like without a denial. “No, that didn’t happen, but who told you it did?”
   Brittany shrugged. “It’s all over school. Sororix Hearst got you in Prima Rosethorn’s office and had Priscilla strip so…” She broke up giggling again.
“You could see the goods,” Hannah finished for her. Sam smacked me on the shoulder.
“How could you not tell me that part!” she cried. “Were they perky?”
“It didn’t happen,” I protested. Not that I’d put it past Priscilla’s mom
— hell, if I expressed an interest, she’d probably have all the eligible Hearst
   
witches do a naked lineup for me… No! Stop thinking about that!
   “Come on,” Hannah said, “we all heard you and Priscilla get called to the Prima’s office.”
“There was no stripping, no goods — who told you that?”
   “I heard it from Amber,” Hannah said. “She said she heard it from Nadia.”
   “I heard Bella and Grace talking about it in the locker room,” Brittany said. “But also, Taylor and Emma.” She frowned. “And Jenna and Charlotte.”
“Oh, my God,” I moaned, putting my hands over my face.
   Sam smacked me again. “Goddess, not God — you’re a warlock now, so learn how to curse right. ‘By the Maiden’s rosy pink nipples’ would be good for this one, I think.”
“You’re not helping.”
   “Were they soft and puffy,” Sam asked, “or hard and crinkly? I bet Priscilla’s got some real erasers.”
“Kill me now,” I mumbled.
“Yeah,” Hannah said, “which do you prefer?”
   “What?” I couldn’t believe we were having this conversation and a quick look showed that they were all grinning and leaning forward like they couldn’t wait to hear what I said — all except Rachel, who was sitting quietly with her head down. “Why are you even asking?”
   Hannah shrugged. “I could get some mileage out of the information — since you’re looking to join a Family, everyone’s wondering what you’re looking for and who might have an advantage.”
“I’m not ‘looking’ … wait, advantage for what?”
   “Getting you into their Family, of course,” Brittany said. “It was bad enough when you were just a free warlock, but now that they know you’re a trinitara? The moms are really pushing things.”
   I sighed. I guess I should have expected there to be rumors, but it wasn’t right they were talking about Priscilla like that.
   “Look — yes, Sororix Hearst gave me a pitch for joining her Family, but there was no stripping.”
“Missed opportunity, that,” Sam muttered.
“No opportunity. No. She showed me a house — nothing more.” Hannah frowned and pulled out her phone.
“What are you doing?” Sam asked.
   
“Checking urban dictionary — I don’t know what house means.” “It means a fucking house!”
   Hannah shook her head. “All this is about that doctor show … wait, second page … ew!”
She gave me a disgusted look. “Whatever it is, it wasn’t that!”
“Yeah, I’d say that too,” Hannah said, wrinkling her nose.
   “Stop — everyone stop.” I took a deep breath. “I am not looking. I am not joining a Family. And even if I was looking or open to it, I would never hook up with some girl who’s just doing it because her fucking mother wants her to, without knowing each other at all! That’s … just dishonest. Horrible and disgusting. I can’t even think about it without —”
“Rachel?” Sam asked, cutting me off. “What’s wrong?”
   Rachel’s shoulders were even more hunched and they were shaking. She covered her mouth with her hands and I heard her sob.
I reached out a hand. “Rachel?”
   “Leave me alone!” she yelled, leaping to her feet and running toward the sports field, leaving her lunch and books behind.