CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

THE OTHERS LEFT AND SAM WAS READY TO GO GET HANNAH, BUT I HELD
her back.
“What?” Sam asked once we were alone.
   I told Sam the whole story. I was expecting her to think it was a big deal, but she just shrugged.
“Okay, let’s go talk to her.”
   I blinked. “Did you hear what I just said? She knows I have Control and a Command affinity — I don’t think she’ll want to talk to me.”
“I’ll talk; you just sit there and look harmless.”
“I don’t know if this is a good idea — she was pretty freaked out.” Sam snorted, grabbed my hand, and dragged me out of the room. “Hannah freaks out all the time. I’ll talk her down.”
We went downstairs to the seniors’ dorms and found Hannah’s room. “Hannah!” Sam called out, knocking on the door — not loudly enough
to be heard by any of the girls in nearby rooms, but definitely enough to be heard by Hannah. “Hey! Hannah! Open up, we need to talk.”
“Go away!”
“We need to talk, Hannah, it’s important!” “I don’t want to talk to anyone right now!”
   “Hannah, if you don’t let me in, I’m going to tell the whole school what we did at my thirteenth birthday party.”
Hannah didn’t answer right away. “What did you do?” I whispered.
Sam glared at me. “It’s an effective threat because it’s a secret.”
   
“Oh.”
“I mean it, Hannah!”
There were muffled curses and the door opened a crack.
   “You swore —” Hannah broke off as she saw me and would have slammed the door if Sam hadn’t wedged her foot in it.
   “He’s not going to hurt you,” Sam said. “He’s not going to make you do anything, either.”
Hannah stared at Sam, eyes widening. “You know?”
   Sam nodded. “I promise he won’t hurt you. We need to talk — it’s for Katrina.”
   I wasn’t sure what Sam thought we needed Hannah for, but I hoped she wasn’t just using that to get us in.
   “I —” Hannah’s shoulders sagged and she opened the door. “I suppose if I say no, he can just make me.”
“It’s not like that,” Sam said, tugging me in and closing the door behind
us.
Hannah’s room was much like Sam’s and mine, except she and her
roommate had bunkbeds instead of two singles. That gave them space to have a small, two-person couch in the space the other bed would be in, and they had a midsized TV on a swinging arm that could be viewed from the couch.
   Hannah gestured to the couch, then sat on the lower bunk. She looked down at her feet.
   “I haven’t told,” she said quietly, and in that I heard the echo of her the night before, whimpering over and over her promise not to tell anyone.
“Good — so, what’s your problem?” Sam asked. “What? You know what —”
“What? Say it.”
   Hannah looked at me like this might be some kind of trick. Like I was testing her promise not to tell anyone.
   “Eyes here,” Sam said, pointing at her own. “Don’t worry about him — now, tell me, what’s the problem?”
Hannah swallowed hard and mumbled, “He has Control.” “I can’t hear you.”
   “He has Control!” Hannah said, sitting up and pointing at me. “And Command!”
   
   “Which he used to save your butt last night, right? And which, in three months here, he hasn’t used on anyone.”
   “How do you know that?” Hannah asked. “My mom says the warlocks who were really good with Command could make you do something and think it was your idea.”
“Come on,” Sam said. “This is Noah we’re talking about —” “Thanks Sam,” I said.
“— he’s not that good.” “Hey!”
   “I’m not saying you’re bad, but you’re a first-year, not some Svengali mind-melder. Besides, that’s not how Command works — it can’t make you think differently.”
“How do you know he hasn’t used it on you?” Hannah asked. “He has.”
“What?”
Crap — why did Sam have to tell her that? “I asked him to.”
“Why?”
Sam shrugged. “I wanted to see what it was like.” Hannah stared at her.
   “Crone’s bunions, you’re worse than Brittany when you get curious about something. But why would you trust him?”
   “Nobody’s as curious as Brittany,” Sam said. “I trusted him because of how I found out. Do you know why Noah and I are partnered in Intro to Spellcasting?”
Hannah shook her head.
   “Magistra Blackwood was going to do it, because he’s … you know, a boy, but I offered.” She shrugged. “I could see all the other onesies were paired up and you know none of the dualies would want to partner with me
— so I asked Noah; I figured, how bad could it be?” “Right here.”
Sam stuck her tongue out at me. Hannah frowned, thinking.
   “Wait — if you partnered with him for shield work, then you’d see his resonants. You’ve known since then?”
Sam nodded.
“Since the first day of school?”

Sam nodded again.
“How could you find that out and trust him on the first day?”
   Sam put her hand over mine — which was in my lap and very close to something that suddenly took notice. Her eyes softened and she pursed her lips before turning back to Hannah.
“Because he was worried I’d be hurt if he said no without a good reason
— and he didn’t want to lie to me. Rather than do either of those things, he told me a secret that could literally get him killed.”
Hannah looked from Sam to me and back several times. “That’s —” she said, finally, “— that’s…” “Trustworthy?” I offered. “Noble?”
   “So fucking stupid!” Hannah’s brow furrowed. “What kind of idiot would tell a secret like that to someone he’d just met? That’s even dumber than what she did trusting you.”
   “He’s a guy,” Sam said. “Hannah, think about what happened last night and what you’re really scared of. This is Noah.”
   I waited for her to drop the other shoe and take a dig at me, but she didn’t.
   “He’s not a Family warlock,” Sam went on. “He wasn’t raised in the Families — in a lot of ways, he’s just a regular guy. A good guy.”
Hannah stared at me and I did my best to look harmless. “You really trust him?”
“Yeah. More than you’d believe. He saved my life, right?” Hannah took a deep breath. “Yeah.”
She was quiet for a long time, then looked at me. “Um, about last night
—”
I didn’t want to talk about that, not when it looked like Hannah was
going to be okay with me. Or, if not totally okay, then at least willing to overlook that resonant.
   “Hannah,” I said quickly, “that big guy hit me so hard … I don’t remember a thing from the time he connected until I woke up this morning. It’s a complete blank.”
Hannah’s eyes got watery. “Thank you.”
   The school’s announcement system picked that time to blare, “Noah Ashe, please report to Prima Rosethorn’s office immediately.”
“Maybe they have more questions about last night,” I said. “You go,” Sam said, “we’ll meet you back in our room after.”
   
   I nodded, gave Hannah what I hoped was a nice smile, and went through the door. As I closed it behind me, I heard:
“What was it like?”



PRIMA ROSETHORN’S outer office was empty except for her receptionist, who motioned me to the sitting area to sit down and wait.
   After a few minutes of sitting there and her shuffling through papers, she looked at me.
“Noah, you can go in now.”
   I was kind of curious how Prima Rosethorn let her know she was ready for me, since I hadn’t heard or seen any sort of notice.
   I suppressed a sigh of relief as I entered the Prima’s office and saw Mel was there too. Prima Rosethorn was sitting behind her desk and Mel was in one of the two chairs in front of the desk — I stayed standing until Prima Rosethorn spoke.
“Have a seat, Noah.”
   I sat and Mel gave me a look that I hoped was supposed to be reassuring.
“Did you have more questions for me?” I asked. “Much the same questions, I’m afraid.”
“What does that mean?”
   Prima Rosethorn pursed her lips. “We’ve just received word that multiple Families are sending representatives to monitor our investigation into Katrina’s death. Which presents us a problem with you, given the manner in which she was killed.”
“Me?”
   “Yes. I’m sure the school rumor mill has it widely known that Katrina was killed by the draining of all her mana.”
I nodded.
   “There being only two things who can kill a witch by draining — a vampire or a warlock — and you being the only warlock on campus will raise certain concerns amongst those representatives.”
   “We believe you had nothing to do with it, dear,” Mel said, “but these witches will have no reason to trust you.”
   
   Prima Rosethorn nodded. “Yes, we would like to put their concerns to rest as soon as possible — which is why we’d like you to agree to us questioning you again in a slightly different manner.”
   “You don’t have to agree,” Mel said. “No one will force you — but if we can tell those who doubt conclusively you weren’t involved, that you were questioned in this way, and satisfied us that you had no involvement, it would go a long way toward avoiding any trouble their concerns might cause.”
   Prima Rosethorn nodded. “And better the two of us question you in this way than waiting for those representatives to arrive. If they wished to be present, or, worse, ask you questions themselves, it’s possible your secrets would be revealed.”
   “Questioned in this manner” had a slightly ominous ring to it. That sort of concerned me. These were witches, after all, and witch history had a lot of suspect questioning methods in it. Sure, the witches were usually the targets of those methods, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t what they had in mind.
“What sort of methods?”
Mel laughed. “He thinks we mean the Inquisition,” she said.
   Prima Rosethorn raised her eyebrows. “We’re not talking about some sort of torture; besides, such methods aren’t very effective.”
Mel laughed again. “Arguably they’re very effective, in my experience
— not so much for getting a truthful confession, but for getting actual information from someone who has it? Quite.”
Both Prima Rosethorn and I stared at Mel for a moment. “What? Am I wrong?”
Prima Rosethorn cleared her throat.
   “A discussion for another day, perhaps.” She turned her attention back to me. “No, what I have in mind is a simple potion which would ensure that your answers to our questions are truthful.”
Like Sam had mentioned. “Some kind of truth serum?”
   “A potion. Magic,” Mel said. “You won’t be compelled to speak or be forced to answer questions, but the magic will ensure anything you do say is entirely truthful.”
   “It will also lower your inhibitions for a short time,” Prima Rosethorn said, “making you more willing to offer up information. Which is why we’d prefer not to give the Family representatives a chance to question you directly.”
   “Sure,” I said. “I didn’t do anything to Katina, and if something can prove I’m telling the truth, then I’m willing to do it.”
   Maybe this would even be enough to settle the rumors going around the school, too.
   “Thank you, Magellus Ashe,” Prima Rosethorn said. She pulled a potion bottle from her desk and slid it across to me. “If you’ll drink this — the effects should last no more than a few minutes.”
I reached for the bottle, but Mel laid a hand on my wrist, stopping me. “Remember — the potion will not compel you to answer, but if you do,
the answer must be the truth. You are allowed to have secrets, just not about this. So, you are not required to compromise anything else.”
   “True,” Prima Rosethorn said. “That’s why Melaina is here — as the closest you have to a guardian or Family. If it was another student, we would not do this without a representative of her Family here to ensure that Family secrets are kept so.”
   I nodded that I understood and Mel took her hand from my wrist — it wasn’t like I had any secrets, anyway. Well, my plans with Sam were a secret, so I’d have to be careful not to say anything about that. I lifted the potion bottle and unstoppered it — the stench of its contents hit me even before I raised it to my face. Was there some rule that most potions had to be nasty?
“It is not the most pleasant,” Prima Rosethorn acknowledged.
   I scrunched up my nose, took a deep breath and raised the bottle to my lips — then paused.
“Um, this is, like, for one person? The whole thing?”
   “Yes,” Mel said, chuckling. “It is one dose, not intended for an entire coven to share.”
“Just checking.”
   Another deep breath and I downed the potion — it was thick and syrupy, and tasted like soapy feet. No, I have no idea what soapy feet taste like, but this tasted like soapy feet.
It also burned.
   My lips, my tongue, my throat, and then my stomach all felt like they were on fire as I could trace the potion’s path.