“It’s her mana,” Hannah whispered. “What?”
Hannah swallowed, lips trembling, as the last of Katrina’s image faded. “Where’d she go?” Ava demanded. “What happened?”
Hannah continued to stare at the place Katrina’s image had been. “What happened?” Ava nearly yelled, stalking toward her. “Hey!” I said, stepping between them. “Give her a minute!”
“A minute? I want to know what the fuck happened!”
   
   “And Hannah’s probably never seen someone die before!” I blocked Ava as she tried to go around me. “Give her a fucking minute!”
   “It’s okay, Noah,” Hannah said behind me. She put a hand on my shoulder and pulled me back from Ava. “I’m okay.”
“Are you sure?”
   I heard retching and spun around — it was Brittany. She’d stumbled over to some nearby bushes and was spewing into them. A glance at Hannah showed she was close to doing the same, and, honestly, if I hadn’t had Ava making me mad, I’d probably be on my knees. My stomach was roiling — more than from the guy in the alley, more than from the sound of Sweats’ cheekbones breaking under blows the night before.
   I was sure Katrina had never hurt anyone. She’d been nice to me, the feral warlock, on my first day — from the moment she met me.
I turned back and stared at the tree where she’d died. Somebody needed to pay for this. Somebody needed to hurt.
   “What happened to her?” Ava asked, quietly now. I think she’d gotten the message that we were all upset and doing the best we could.
Hannah took a deep breath.
   “It’s mana — what we saw was mana. That’s how Hindsight works. I … put my mana into the past and it finds the traces of the mana I’m looking for. Then it sort of … paints it in the present.”
   Hannah was trembling and I worried she might collapse, so I put an arm around her and gently led her to a fallen tree to sit.
“But we didn’t see who attacked her,” Ava said.
   “Because there was no mana there for mine to bind to … the space was empty. A void.”
“That’s impossible,” Ava said. “Everything has mana. Fucking rocks
have mana.”
   Hannah nodded. “I know. But it didn’t. There was nothing there … even after it took Katrina’s.”
“So, a vampire, then? Draining her?”
   Hannah shook her head. “Vampires have mana — they take it from others, but they still have it.”
Ava looked at me, eyes narrowed. “A warlock? With a glamour to hide
—”
“You can’t hide from Hindsight!” Hannah was trembling worse now. “A
glamour is mana! I’d still see that. You can trick Hindsight, make it think
   
you’re something else, but there’s never … nothing.” “I want to go home.”
   We all looked at Brittany who was kneeling by the bush she’d thrown up in.
“I don’t want to be here anymore. I want to go home.”
CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

I  SAT  ON  MY  BED,  BACK  AGAINST  THE  WALL,  WITH  HANNAH  NEXT  TO  ME,
but on the bed’s edge.
   I was rubbing her shoulders. She hadn’t asked, I hadn’t offered, but when she’d sat down and then Brittany laid down with her head in her lap and Hannah stroked her sister’s hair, I’d started.
   I think we all just needed to touch someone — to have some tactile reminder that we were alive.
Maybe seeing death makes you want to reaffirm life.
   Sam was sitting on the bed near Brittany’s feet and was rubbing the girl’s back while Rachel was on the floor between the beds, holding the hand Brittany had draped over her shoulder.
   Ava and Isabella were on Sam’s bed, holding hands and staring at nothing like we all were.
   The girls who’d gone to look at Katrina’s body were in a similar mood to us, having made a similar discovery — death isn’t cavalier.
   “Did you find anything?” Ava asked after we’d told the others what we’d seen in the park.
Sam shook her head.
   “There were a couple marks on … her body,” Rachel said. “On her stomach — like needles, I think?”
“Or bug bites,” Sam said. Rachel nodded. “Yeah.”
   “So, no sign of a vampire bite?” Ava asked. I think Ava didn’t want to believe what we’d seen — what Hannah said it meant — and was still
   
pushing for vampire.
Sam shook her head.
“It wasn’t a vampire,” Hannah whispered. “What, then?”
Hannah shrugged.
“It wasn’t Noah, at least,” Brittany said. “We can’t prove that.”
“The teachers know it,” Rachel said. “What?”
   “The teachers know it wasn’t Noah. Not just think it, know it. One of them has Hindsight, I’m sure — they’ll have seen the same thing Hannah saw. They know it couldn’t be Noah.”
   “But will they tell anyone why they’re so sure?” Hannah asked. “Without that, people will still doubt. Even with the truth potion, a lot of the girls will think he might have tricked it.”
   “Why wouldn’t they say why they can be sure? No warlock could hide from Hindsight like that.”
   “This is something new,” Hannah said. “Something bad. Look, everything has mana. Everything that happens is mana interacting with mana. Everything you feel, touch, taste — it’s all mana. But this … thing … doesn’t have any. Our mana can’t interact with it … it just disappears.”
“So don’t let it touch you?”
   “Don’t you get it? If it has no mana, mana can’t affect it. Shields are useless. Wards are useless. Spells are useless.” I could hear her swallow. “Magic’s useless.”
   Hannah shook her head. “That can’t get out. Witches would panic that there’s something out there immune to magic — I mean, lots of things are resistant, but nothing is immune. Goddess, everyone would panic — witches, vampires, fae, the Rom … everyone. They’d panic, get careless. Even enough to pierce the Veil.”
   Rachel drew in a sharp breath. “It could destroy the Veil,” she whispered.



PRIMA ROSETHORN SPOKE to us at dinner.
   
   All the teachers were there in the cafeteria with her, and, as Hannah predicted, they said nothing about some new creature, without any mana of its own, that had drained Katrina’s.
   Only that the staff was looking into it, the Council was looking into it, and that they were one hundred percent confident that no one on campus had been involved.
That’s where everybody looked at me, even most of the teachers.
   Classes were canceled for the next week, and over the next few days we saw a lot of strangers arrive and leave. Some of them were Katrina’s Family, retrieving her body — others I heard were representatives of other Families, concerned about leaving their daughters at Willowmere, but I didn’t see anyone I knew missing and didn’t hear about anyone being withdrawn from school.
   I’m sure some of the visitors were representatives or investigators from the witches’ Council, but we didn’t hear anything more about the investigation — only that things were progressing.
   The school even offered grief counseling, just like a mundane school would. Or maybe different — maybe they used magic. No one I knew went, so I don’t know.
   Classes the next week started somewhat subdued, but, over a few days, slowly returned to normal. It’s funny how fast you can get used to something — even something horrible. The first day back in potions class was hard with Katrina’s empty seat at our table, but by the end of the week
— it was just empty. By the end of the second week of December, things were almost back to normal, with just the occasional thought about what had happened.
   I was busy not having morbid thoughts about how easy it was to get over someone being murdered when Sam’s phone rang.
“Hello?”
   I looked up from my laptop and the rituals paper I was writing. Sam didn’t get calls often — in fact I didn’t think she’d gotten one the whole time we’d been at Willowmere.
   “Sure — here.” Sam held the phone out to me. “It’s Morgan,” she whispered.
   I took the phone quickly, realizing I’d forgotten to call Morgan to confirm getting together over the Solstice break with everything that had happened.
   
I took the phone. “Morgan?”
“Hey.”
   “Hi — I’m sorry I didn’t call you. Some … things happened here and it’s been a little crazy.”
“What things?” Morgan asked, concern in her voice.
   “Ah — one of the students here died.” It wasn’t something I wanted to talk about, but I didn’t want to lie to Morgan.
“Oh — did you know him?”
“Her, and, yeah, we had a class together.”
   “Oh, Noah, I’m sorry.” She paused. “Do you need to cancel getting together? Do you need time for something?”
“No! No, I want to see you — I miss you.”
“I miss you, too — so, still the twenty-third?”
   “Yeah, I was thinking of that coffee shop you like? The one next to the pet store? We can meet there and figure out what else we want to do.”
“Okay, that sounds good.”
   Morgan’s voice was a lot brighter now that we had a solid plan. I think she’d been worried I was going to bail on her.
   “And maybe we could get together after Christmas, too?” I asked. “If you’re not busy? Before school starts again?”
   I wanted to make sure I didn’t make the same mistake with Morgan that I’d made with Katrina — getting too wrapped up in what I wanted that I missed the important people in my life. Not that I didn’t want to spend time with Morgan, just that life had a way of filling up time.
“Yeah! I’d like that — maybe I could come up and see your campus?
You never said what school you’re at?”
   “Oh, um, it’s called Willowmere,” I said, trying to come up with a reason Morgan couldn’t visit.
   Knowing the name wasn’t a big deal — Willowmere had a website and was accredited with the mundanes and everything. That was so any mundanes wondering about the campus wouldn’t be suspicious — of course, all the mundane degrees and classes listed on the website were fake, but none of the witches would be looking for mundane jobs after graduation, so it didn’t really matter.
Morgan visiting, though, would be … complicated.
   
   First, there’d be the very obvious fact that the entire school was inhabited by nothing but girls, even the faculty, so why was I here?
   Second … no, I was pretty sure I’d get stuck trying to come up with an explanation for the first one and we’d be there for a while.
“Maybe, yeah,” I said, trying for noncommittal.
“Cool — um, who was that who answered the phone?” “That’s Sam, I told you about her.”
   “You told me your roommate was named Sam; you didn’t say Sam was a girl.”
“I didn’t? Oh, well, yeah, she’s a girl.”
I glanced at Sam to find her with an amused look and a raised eyebrow. “Soooo…” Morgan drew out the word. “Girlfriend?”
“No … not … girlfriend…”
   Sam was biting her lip and her shoulders were shaking with restrained laughter. She might not be able to hear Morgan’s side of the conversation, but my side was more than enough.
What was I supposed to say?
   No, not my girlfriend … she’s gay. But we’re going to have sex next week and then our relationship will be more permanent than marriage — with my lesbian friend. But not my girlfriend. No.
   “I see.” Morgan paused. “So, you move out and first you move in with an older woman, but ‘it’s not like that’, and now you have a girl for a roommate, but ‘not your girlfriend’ … you know, I never asked about it, but are you sure you’re not gay?”
I choked, coughing. Sam looked at me with a clear, what-the-fuck face. “I’m not gay,” I assured Morgan when I could speak again, setting Sam
off into silent contortions as she tried not to laugh out loud.
   I was really beginning to understand why the witches didn’t have relationships with mundanes anymore. This was really annoying, and it would only get more so if, when, I grew my coven. I wondered if the witches had any protocol for telling a mundane what was going on — surely it had happened before, and I’d like to tell Morgan. She might not believe me until I could prove it like Mel had to me, but once she believed it, I was sure she’d keep it secret.
   “Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” she said, “just that it would be good to know.”
“Why?”
   
   “Um …” Morgan hesitated. “No reason? Just, you know, we’re friends, so I’d like to know.”
   “Well, I’m not — not that there’s anything wrong with that either.” I realized what might settle the matter. “Sam’s gay.”
“Oh, she is?”
“Yeah, yeah, so that’s why her being my roommate isn’t … weird.” Sam rolled her eyes.