

AT LEAST IT wasn’t raining — I could look on the bright side there.
   I thought about trying to make it to one of the other service offices before they closed, but a quick check of the bus schedule told me that wasn’t going to be possible. And they’d probably require a real ID, too. I wondered why my case worker hadn’t made sure I had one before aging out
— too busy, I guess. She was always saying how overworked she was.
   I decided to just check into the shelter and call it a day, even if it was only around six. I was tired after the long day and sleepless night, and I decided to skip dinner, since I’d had a big breakfast and lunch, to make my cash stretch longer. Maybe the shelter would have a meal? Thirty bucks for the room didn’t sound as bad if it came with a meal — and maybe breakfast, too? Did it work that way or not? I kicked myself for not asking questions earlier — if I had, I might have been able to get to the DMV with the shelter address and take care of that this afternoon.
   The shelter was a block over from the bus stop, so I decided to cut through an alleyway to get there faster.
“Hey!”

   Hands grabbed me and pulled me behind a dumpster, slamming me up against the brick wall. My head glanced off the hard bricks and I blinked to clear my suddenly fuzzy vision.
“Money!”
“What?” I was so dazed I couldn’t really tell what was going on. “Money! Give me your fucking money, kid!”
I blinked.
   The guy had me pinned against the wall, his forearm on my chest and the other hand holding a knife pointed at my face. He had long, stringy hair and a scruffy beard, all surrounding crazy eyes — you know, eyes that screamed, “I’m crazy and I don’t care anymore!”
“Come on! Give it over!”
   I almost cried. I really did. This was too much. I had less than a hundred dollars to my name and this asshole wanted to rob me? What a fucking birthday.
   Anger boiled up behind the despair. Anger at the years in the System. At years of having just barely enough of everything — barely enough food, barely enough clothes, barely enough space to sleep in. At the rest of the System for not having some sort of support ready for me when I aged out. Anger at my parents for putting me in the System to begin with. Anger at this asshole who wanted to take what little was mine.
“Fuck you,” I said. “I’ll cut you, man!”
   “You think I have any fucking money? I just aged out of foster care, asshole! I got shit!”
The guy scowled and he jerked the knife around.
I closed my eyes, figuring I was going to get cut and not really caring
— ERs had beds, right? Probably food, too. What kind of world was it when I was seriously wondering if getting stabbed might be a positive?
My skin started tingling.
Great — a fine time for a bout of some undiagnosed medical condition.
   I hoped it was both fatal and highly communicable, and that this asshole caught a double-dose of it when he stabbed me.
“Fine.”
   The guy pulled the knife away from my face and I thought maybe I’d get out of this without losing anything, but then he punched me in the gut with his other hand.
   
All the air went out of me and I gasped, but the tingling grew stronger. “Give me the bag!”
   He was tugging on my backpack, trying to get it away from me — my backpack that had all my clothes, all my documents, and all my money. Everything I had. What if I had to get a new birth certificate? A new social security card? How long would that take?
“Let go!”
   My skin was burning — my vision blurred more as I tugged and tried to maintain my footing.
“Gimme it!” the guy yelled, yanking harder. “Motherfucker!” I yelled, pulling back as hard as I could.
   My bag came free and as soon as it did, I spun around, thinking if I could catch him one good one with the weight of my backpack, it might knock the knife out of his hands.
“Get the fuck away from me!”
   My backpack swished, not striking anything and the momentum spun me around in a circle again. I fell to my knees, managed to catch a glimpse of the guy running away, then I collapsed face first onto the pavement. My skin felt on fire and my head was spinning.
   Through blurry vision, I saw the guy run face first into the opposite wall of the alley, bounce off, then get up and run at it again, blood streaming from his nose.
   I blinked, tried to get up, but my arms were weak, head spinning more, and I collapsed again, smacking my head on the pavement.
   Not nearly as badly as the other guy, though, because he was running into the wall again.
   There was a sickening crunch as his head hit the brick, and then I heard a tinkling bell before I passed out.
I was in a forest.
   Which was weird, because I’d never been to a forest. Hardly ever gone to a park with more than a couple trees, even.
But this was a forest I was walking through.
   Sunbeams came through the leaves at an angle and I could hear birds all around. Leaves crunched under my feet as I followed a clear trail that eventually came to the edge of the trees.
   Ahead of me was an open space in full sunlight with a block of rough-cut stone offset a bit from the center.
“Come on, Noah, we don’t have much time.”
   I looked down and to my right to see a girl standing next to me. A little girl, maybe seven or eight years old, barefoot and wearing a sack.
“It’s called a shift, Noah,” the girl said, “not a sack.”
It was very, very weird that she said this, because her lips didn’t move. “Oh, sorry, I forget sometimes,” she said, moving her lips this time. “It’s okay,” I said, “I heard you anyway.”
   I thought I was remarkably calm for having woken up in a forest with a telepathic child — but even though I could think about it being extremely weird, I couldn’t seem to feel like it was anything but normal and safe. It was like all the fears and anxiety I had from the day of failures and being attacked had been shoved into a box. I could look at them, I knew they were there, but they couldn’t affect how I felt.
   The girl smiled up at me and the forest lit up far beyond the sunlight, making me feel warm, like strong arms wrapped around me.
   
   “Come on,” she said, taking my hand and leading me into the clearing. “We need to talk.”
“Are you the one who woke me up this morning?”
   “It was yesterday now, but yes — I needed to wake you so we could talk.”
   We’d reached the stone block, which was waist-height on me. It was maybe eight feet long and four wide, and looked rough and weathered, like it had been there for centuries. The girl hopped up onto it, tucking her sack
… shift under her legs. Her feet were bare and stained green by the grass. “You woke me up so we could talk but then waited until I was asleep
again to do it?”
   “Hmph. You’re not just sleeping, silly, there are different levels of wakefulness and I needed to make sure your power woke up before you were on your own. Good thing I did, too, because you sure needed it. You just used far too much mana defending yourself in that alley and passed out.”
   “I don’t know what any of that is — and who are you anyway? Other than some sort of manifestation of my subconscious, I guess.”
She pursed her lips and scrunched her face up in thought.
   “You can call me … Aurora!” She smiled and the world went warm and snugly again. “It means dawn and it’s symbolic of new beginnings, which we’re doing, so it’s very clever — and it’s pretty. Do you think it’s pretty?”
“It’s very pretty.”
“Do you think I’m pretty?”
   She was, now that she asked. She was a beautiful little girl — perfect except for little imperfections that seemed to only make her more beautiful.
“Yes, you’re a beautiful little girl.” Aurora’s face lit up.
   “Thank you! But I’m not a little girl, this is just the best way to appear to you.”
“Why’s that?” I asked, wondering why my subconscious thought that. “Because you’re a boy.” Aurora pouted as though that was the worst
possible thing I could be. A cloud passed across the sun, throwing the clearing into shadow and making me shiver at the sudden chill. “I’ve tried all kinds of forms. See, if you were a girl, I’d appear older — really, really old or just a hint of a wrinkle or two, maybe a few gray hairs. Girls respect the wisdom of those forms and listen, but boys don’t listen for some reason.
   
So, after that didn’t work with boys, I tried appearing the way I really prefer, which is without the wrinkles and gray hair. I’m very pretty when I don’t have wrinkles and gray hair. Anyway, the girls still listened to me, I think because I’m so pretty and they respect that too, but the boys all wanted to have sex with me, which is very annoying — even more annoying than being ignored. Boys are weird.”
I was suddenly very uncomfortable with my subconscious.
   “Anyway, I got tired of making the boys not annoying, because it’s hard to do that and leave them still able to talk to me, which was the whole point in the first place.”
   I was suddenly very uncomfortable with, and increasingly afraid of, my subconscious.
“So, I tried this!”
   Aurora smiled and the sun came out again, warming the clearing and chasing away my concerns.
   “Boys listen to me when I look like this,” she said with a shrug. “I don’t know why — maybe it’s a paternal thing? I don’t know — I’m more the motherly type, really, but whatever works.”
She looked around as though hearing something.
   “Oh, we don’t have much time. I brought you here because I want to tell you three things — they’re very important, so listen to me.”
“Okay.”
   “First, be yourself. There’s going to be some strange stuff. It’s going to be confusing for you, but you’ll be okay, I promise.”
   Ah, I thought, my subconscious is trying to reassure me after the horrible day I had. Cool — got it.
   “Noah, your subconscious is going to give you ulcers with how not okay it’s going to tell you things are soon. You don’t have a reassuring subconscious at all. I’m telling you it’ll be okay. Be yourself, do what you feel is right, and you’ll be okay, got it?”
“Ah, yeah, got it.”
“Good. The second thing is I love you.”
   My knees buckled. When she said that I felt it. I believed it. Deep in my soul I believed Aurora loved me — that someone really loved me, unconditionally, maybe for the first time in my life.
   “Oh, Noah, I’m so sorry,” Aurora said, reaching out to take my hand. “I know it’s been hard, but you’re going to know so much love — it’ll be
   
sickening, really. Definitely exhausting. I promise. Do you believe me?”
   I nodded. I did believe her, and in a second the overwhelming feeling I’d had went away, but it left a warm, secure feeling in my gut.
   “Good,” she said, then took a deep breath. “The last thing I want to tell you — I need you to do something for me.”
“Anything,” I said, and absolutely meant it.
   “Hush, don’t make promises like that — they have too much power. But I do need you to do something very important for me. Maybe it’s selfish to use mine this way, but…”
“Use what?”
“Never mind, just listen.” I nodded.
   Aurora sighed and looked away. A breeze came up, rustling the leaves and chilling my skin.
   “A long time ago, I made a bad mistake.” Another cloud crossed the sun and I shivered. “Someone I love very, very much asked me for something and I gave it to her, but she … she misunderstood what I said. She offered a
… trade, but she didn’t need to.” A raindrop landed on my cheek and another on Aurora’s. “I … I was busy with something else and … that’s no excuse. It’s not.” More raindrops fell. “I didn’t realize what had happened until it was too late.” Aurora’s face was wet with rain and her lips trembled. “I couldn’t tell her she’d misunderstood, because she’d spent so long thinking I’d done something horrible to her that she wouldn’t listen to me anymore. I couldn’t reach her at all.” The wind swept a torrent of rain across the clearing, soaking me to the skin, but I couldn’t look away from Aurora’s face. “She’s spent so long … hating me.”
   Thunder rolled, nearly drowning out Aurora’s words. She took a deep breath and looked up at the sky.
“Stop that!” she yelled, kicking her grass-stained heel against the stone.
   The rain stopped like someone had shut the faucet — one last brush of wind swept my skin before the air went still and the clouds parted to let a ray of sunshine wash the clearing again.
   “That’s the problem with this form,” Aurora said, looking at me again. “Very little emotional control.” She frowned up at the sky. “You’d never dare do that to the Crone!”
“Who’s the —”
   
   “Never mind. Where was I? Oh, yes — so, Noah, there’s going to come a time when you’re with her and — don’t worry, you’ll know when, now listen — tell her I wouldn’t do that. Please?”
“You wouldn’t do what?”
“Just tell her — I wouldn’t do that. You’ll know when. I promise.” Aurora looked up at the sky again.
“Oops, time for you to go.”
She reached out and poked the end of my nose. “Boop!”
OceanofPDF.com



CHAPTER THREE







“WAKE UP.”
A woman’s voice this time — young, but clearly an adult, so it wasn’t…
Who did I think it might be?
   I grasped at that thought, thinking there was something important to remember, but it seemed like every time I focused on the thought, the answer slipped farther out of my grasp.
   I groaned and blinked. I was really getting tired of people telling me to wake up. I struggled with the last vestiges of sleep, grasping again at what I thought had just been in my head, but the tighter I clutched at it, the more it receded until I couldn’t remember a thing about the dreaming world.
“There you go, lad, now drink this and sit up.”
   Something pressed against my lips — liquid seeped in and I jerked upright, coughing and sputtering.
“Gah! Awg!”
   “Right, then,” the woman said. “Who are you and who must I call to come get you?”
   I started to swallow, then stopped at the lingering taste. I looked around desperately for some way to get it out of my mouth.
“You spit that on my floor and I’ll dose you again.”
I grimaced, swallowed the vile stuff, and glared at her.
   The woman was maybe late-twenties or early-thirties. Trim, with a nice figure shown off by the tight jeans and V-neck knit top she wore. Her long dark hair was pulled back and she had startlingly blue eyes that seemed to sparkle, even as she narrowed them to glare at me. I got a glimpse of her
   
finely arched brows and generous mouth before I was distracted, because she was leaning toward me with the bottle of medicine — if that was what it was — prepped for another dose, which gave me an awkward view down the V-neck of her top as the swell of her breasts and gravity pulled it away from her chest.
   I swallowed hard and forced myself to look away and take in the rest of my surroundings.
   I was in a very soft bed, in a nicely decorated room, with sunlight streaming through the window. It looked like morning sunlight, that sort of soft glow, so I must have been out all night — which made me wonder why I was here instead of a hospital. On top of me was a fluffy, quilted blanket and someone had taken my shoes off, but I was still fully clothed.
I worked my mouth some more to get rid of the awful taste.
   “That stuff is nasty,” I said, “how’s it supposed to make me feel better?” The woman looked at the bottle in her hand. “Wasn’t supposed to make you feel better. It was supposed to make you sit up and do as I say, so you’ll not get another dose.” She tucked the small bottle into a pocket in her tight
jeans. “Done its job, I think.” I groaned again.
“Now, who are you?” she asked.
   I took a breath. “My name’s Noah. Did you bring me here from the alley? Thank you … I guess. That guy was trouble.” I caught myself, remembering the last sight I’d had of the guy, with blood running down his face and then the sickening crunch of his head against the brick wall.
I winced.
   “I mean, until he ran away,” I added, figuring it might be best not to admit to having seen that. Maybe he’d actually run off after I passed out?
   “And not at all bludgeoned to death with a brick wall?” she asked, then chuckled. “No need to dissemble, you’re in friendly company. Though I’d expect you to know another witch when you see one.” She laid the back of her hand against my forehead. “Did you strike your own —”
She broke off and jerked her hand away as my forehead began to tingle. “None of that now!” She frowned at me. “What Family taught you such
manners?”
   I decided I’d try to deal with the “bludgeoned to death” part later and concentrate on the bizarrely less-disturbing “witch” part — what I’d done that was “rude” would have to wait even longer, because as far as I could
   
tell all I’d done was lay in a bed and drink what had to be concentrated car-wash runoff.
“Witch?”
   “Really? Very well — which Family taught you it was acceptable to pull mana from someone you’d only just met?” She stood up and glared at me. “What are you even thinking? Do you seriously think you could mark me?” “Ma’am, I honestly have no idea what you’re talking about. The last thing I remember, I was walking through an alley to get to the shelter and
some guy tried to mug me.”
   I thought about what she’d said already and focused even more on the “witch” part. If she thought she was a witch, then she was crazy, and crazy people were dangerous. I tried to remember any stories I’d heard about crazy witches, though, and none of them ended well for someone who was rude to the witch. I didn’t believe she was a witch, but crazy was just as bad.
   “I apologize if I was rude,” I said, slowly and carefully, “and deeply regret any disrespect or offense.”
   Please don’t turn me into a candelabra or some shit, I thought, just in case she really was a witch.
Her gaze softened.
   