
“ARE you sure capers are okay for cats?” I asked. “Pft!”
“I just don’t want you to get sick,” I told Felicity.
   The time living with Mel had me talking to the cat as though she could understand me, too — and I was pretty sure she did. Familiar or not, there was something decidedly weird about Felicity.
   For one thing, every meal we had included a plate for her, which she ate at the table with us, and she was currently working her way through a serving of chicken piccata. Next to her plate was a small bowl with a bit of
   
the white wine Mel had chosen for dinner — I had a glass next to me, too, and I was finding I liked it. Every dinner Mel gave a little lecture on the wine and why she’d paired it with the meal, which was interesting.
“She’s fine, dear,” Mel said.
   “If you say so,” I said, turning back to my own meal, which was as fantastic as everything Mel cooked. I’d never had anything like the sort of meals I had here — chicken at my former foster home had come in a bucket, mashed potatoes were from a box, and Brussels sprouts never made an appearance, I think because they weren’t available in a can. “This is really good.”
   “Thank you, dear,” Mel said. She set her fork down and pushed her plate back a bit. “Now that you can maintain your shields, would you like to go out somewhere this evening?”
“Absolutely — where?”
   “I know just the place for you to fill one of your resonants without us being observed by another witch — and I believe young men find it entertaining, as well.”
“I’d like to try calling Morgan again before we go, if you don’t mind.”
   I’d tried several times since asking Mel if I could use her phone, but every time I tried calling my former foster home, the line had disconnected after a couple rings. I was at the point where I was thinking of asking Mel to make our second outing be a trip to Alex and Karen’s so I could see Morgan in person.
“Of course, dear, just don’t say anything about witchcraft.”
   I paused on my way to the front door to retrieve her phone — like I was going to tell anyone about that?
“No problem,” I said. “Morgan would think I was crazy if I mentioned
it.”
Mel nodded and went upstairs, leaving me in the living room with her
phone as I tapped the last few numbers.
   This time the phone rang more than twice and at four rings someone picked up.
“Hello?”
   It was a male voice I didn’t recognize, so probably the new guy who’d replaced me in the foster home.
“Hi, is Morgan home?” I asked. “Who’s calling?”
   
   That was new — in my experience, all the other kids in the home would just toss the phone down and scream the recipient’s name before going about their business. Whether the person the call was for picked up or not would depend on if they’d heard their name called the one time. If someone else passed the phone and it hadn’t been picked up yet, they’d just hang up the call.
“This is Noah.”
“Who’s that? How do you know Morgan?”
   The questions came quickly and with a little hostility, which started to set me off too. Who did this guy think he was?
   “Um, I used to live there — Morgan and I are friends and I’d like to talk to her. Please.”
“How do I know she wants to talk to you?”
   I took a deep breath and resisted the urge to unload on him. If I did that, he’d probably hang up the phone — then maybe hang out there so he could answer and hang up again if I called back.
“You could … tell her who’s on the phone?” “Yeah, I don’t know if she —”
“Who is it?” I heard Morgan’s voice in the background. “Some guy.”
“Noah,” I said. “Name’s Noah — why don’t you just tell her it’s Noah?” “Don’t give me fucking attitude, dude,” the guy said.
“Give me the fucking phone, Gabriel,” Morgan said.
   “You want the phone?” the guy, apparently Gabriel, asked, then his voice got dimmer. “Jump for it — come on, jump, little girl, jump, ju — oof!”
   There was a clatter, a muffled “bitch” that made me look at Mel’s front door and think about heading over there immediately, and then Morgan’s voice.
“Who is this?”
“It’s Noah, who the fuck was that guy?” “Noah! It’s been weeks — are you okay?”
   I immediately felt guilty, because it had been weeks since I left the foster home and even though I’d tried, I felt like I should have done more to contact her.
“I’m sorry — yeah, I’m okay. It’s just been kind of crazy since I left.”
   
   “Thank God,” Morgan said. “You’re sure? You’re not hurt? Not in trouble?”
“No, no, I’m fine, it was jus —”
   “Good, then, I am so fucking pissed at you! Weeks! I didn’t know if you were hurt, or dead, or what!”
   “I’m sorry,” I repeated. “I really am. I did try to call a few times, but the calls never connected — and things haven’t exactly gone the way I planned after I left.”
“Why? What happened?”
   “First who was that guy? I asked for you and he started giving me the third-degree.”
Morgan snorted. “That’s the new foster. Gabriel.” “He sounds like a douche.”
“That’s … being kind.”
   Something in Morgan’s voice made me think there was more to it than messing with phone calls.
“Are you okay?” I asked. “Do I need to come kick his ass?”
   “No, I can handle him — and you’re over eighteen, you’d get in trouble if you hit him.”
I wouldn’t hit him — I’d use my new-found magic to…
   Who was I kidding? I’d been working on my first spell for a week and hadn’t been successful yet. Lighting a candle … which would have been cool if I could do it.
I couldn’t tell Morgan any of that, though.
   “All right,” I agreed, “but if it turns into something you can’t handle, call me, okay? Here, take this number down.”
   I gave her Mel’s cell number. I should probably get a phone of my own, but I had no money and didn’t want to ask Mel for more than she was already doing for me — besides, the only person I needed to call was Morgan.
“So, you got a phone? Job and apartment?”
   I spent the next hour telling Morgan everything that happened since I left. Not the magic and witches part … or making a guy head-butt a wall, but everything else.
“So, she’s some kind of sugar momma?” Morgan asked when I finished. “What? No! Nothing like that — she’s just helping me out.”
“Uh huh,” Morgan said with a lot of skepticism. “Why?”
   
   There wasn’t much I could say to that, since I couldn’t tell Morgan about witches and how warlocks were really important, and Mel wanting to help me so I wouldn’t get locked on some Family estate or killed.
“Maybe she just feels sorry for me,” was the best I could come up with. “Well, there is a lot to work with there.”
“Hey!”
   “What about a job?” Morgan asked. “You didn’t say anything about working — or are you just a boy-toy now?”
I decided to stop responding to the bait or Morgan would never let it go. “No, no job … I’m sort of doing … vocational training.”
   Best I could come up with to describe learning magic. My “job” was almost certainly going to be magic-related, so it wasn’t a lie.
“Is that what she calls it? I guess you would have a lot to learn.”
   I bit my tongue to avoid taking the bait — not least because it did sound like a warlock’s main job was having sex with the coven to harvest mana.
   “Okay, enough about me,” I said. “What have you been up to? Why’s the new guy such an asshole?”
“Um, can we talk about that later?” “Why? Is he there?”
“Yep.”
“He listens in on your phone calls?” “Uh huh.”
“Morgan —”
“I can handle it.”
   It didn’t sound like it if she couldn’t stop the guy from listening to her on the phone, but I knew Morgan. She wouldn’t appreciate it if I pressed or interfered when she wanted to handle something herself.
   “I should go,” Morgan said, “in case someone else wants to use the phone. You’ll call again?”
“Yeah — or you can call me. Um, Mel will answer, it’s her phone.” I closed my eyes and winced, because I knew what was coming.
“She won’t let you have your own phone? Maybe I should come rescue
you.”
   “No, it’s nothing like that. I just don’t have anyone I need to call other than you, so I don’t really need a whole phone of my own.”
   “I see — what if you have to call her? To tell her you’ll be late or something?”
   
   Not necessary, because I haven’t left the house in weeks and when I do Mel will always be with me to protect me from some witch Family dragging me off the street and throwing me in the back of a van or something.
   No, that would definitely not make Morgan less concerned. And would probably result in Morgan coming over to kick Mel’s ass.
“It hasn’t come up,” I said, trying to be as vague as possible. “Oh.” Morgan was quiet for a minute. “Does this change things?” I frowned. “Change what?”
“You know — later. After my birthday?”
   I realized what my current situation would sound like to her with regard to my promise to have my own place where she could stay after aging out, but I wasn’t sure how to respond. Would I still be staying with Mel next summer? Would I have my own place? Would I have a coven of my own? That was probably too fast, but what would Morgan think even if I’d found just two or three witches to form a coven with me?
   Hi, Morgan, welcome to my place — here are the other women staying here.
   Mel had warned me about this, and it would be … awkward. But I wasn’t going to go back on my promise to Morgan. Aging out alone had been bad enough for me, it was probably much worse for a girl.
“We’ll figure it out,” I said. “Oh.”
I could tell from her voice that she didn’t believe me.
   “Morgan, the morning you age out I will be on the front porch waiting for you. You will not be alone; do you hear me?”
“I — yeah, I hear you, Noah. Thank you.”
OceanofPDF.com



CHAPTER NINE







“REALLY?” I ASKED AS I EXITED THE CAB BEHIND MEL.
“Of course, dear, it’s exactly what we need.”
   Apparently what Mel thought we needed was what the sign euphemistically called a gentleman’s club and the guys I’d gone to high school with called a titty-bar. Admittedly, it was one of the upscale ones — probably the one everyone would think of for the most upscale titty-bar in town.
“I don’t know,” I said, hesitating.
   “Trust me,” Mel said. “Your Lust resonant will be the easiest one to fill, and there’s no place in town better than here to do that.” She frowned. “Well, I do know of a few better places, but they’d probably embarrass you.”
   “Here’s fine,” I said quickly not even wanting to hear more about anyplace she thought would embarrass me more than her taking me to a titty-bar. “But will they even let me in? I’m only eighteen.”
“Right, I almost forgot — let me see that school ID of yours.”
   “Okay,” I said slowly, pulling my wallet from my pocket and extracting my laminated card to hand to her.
Mel ran her finger over the card and handed it back. “There.”
   I looked at my card which now looked like a driver’s license and said I was a full three years older than I actually was.
“It’s a small glamour,” Mel said. “It will fade by morning.”
   
   “That would have been a useful trick,” I muttered, thinking of my first day on my own. Just a simple driver’s license would have made everything different.
I tucked my new license back in my wallet and stuffed it in my pocket.
Mel gestured at the door. “Shall we?”
   I really didn’t want to. It’d been hard enough living with Mel the last couple weeks and not showing how attracted I was to her. That wasn’t helped by the fact that she typically dressed in tight or revealing clothing — or the daily yoga/shielding sessions. Even now she was wearing a deeply cut blouse that showed off her cleavage, and every now and then a little glimpse of the lace on her bra, and jeans that could’ve been sprayed on — along with a pair of heels that showed her legs to their best advantage.
   Adding a bunch of dancing, naked women into the mix was not going to help me keep things under control.
   But we were here and she was looking expectantly at the door, so I grabbed the handle and opened it for her.
“Thank you, dear. Such a gentleman.”
   We went in and the thumping bass of the music was like a physical blow. Even in the little alcove at the front, with a curtain and wall separating us from what I assumed was the bar, my insides started pounding and vibrating with the beat.
   There was a scantily clad girl at a cash register with a really big guy standing behind her.
   “IDs?” She asked holding out her hand without looking up from her phone. “The cover’s twenty each.”
   Mel opened her purse and handed over her ID so I pulled out my wallet and did the same. The guy cocked his head and gave me a look when Mel pulled out two twenties to pay the cover. I guess he was expecting me to pay.
   Mel must’ve sensed I was still reluctant, because she grabbed my hand to drag me through the curtain into the main bar.
   It was brighter than I’d expected inside, but still pretty dark. Lights and strobes hit the stages and my attention was immediately drawn to the girls dancing there.
   Mel led me toward the largest stage, which had a pole at either end. At the end nearest us a girl who was still wearing at least some clothes was
   
dancing while the girl at the other end was topless. I nearly stopped in my tracks when it looked like Mel was taking us to the seats that were right up against the stage, because there was no way I was going to sit there with her, but she let go of my hand and stopped at a table with four chairs around it a couple rows back from the action.
“Here,” she said, pointing at one of the chairs.
   At least that’s what I thought she said, I couldn’t really hear her with the music, but she seemed to be indicating I should sit there. It was still way closer than I’d like to sit. I thought about asking her if we could sit in one of the booths that were around the edge of the bar where it was darker and more…
   Then I caught sight of some of the things going on back there and jumped forward to take the seat she was pointing at.
   At least the chair had a round, full back and arms that cut off the view, so no one could see me adjust myself as I sat down.
   Except the girl on the stage, who was now looking right at me and smirking.
I flushed and tried to look anywhere but the stage.
 