“Ugh,” I said, trying to generate enough spit to clear my mouth and eliminate both the taste and the sensation.
   The burning sensation started spreading from my stomach through the rest of me — but at least that seemed to distribute the burning as well, and it eventually settled down to a slightly too warm feeling covering my entire body.
   “It should take effect immediately,” Prima Rosethorn said, “so we’ll get right to it. Noah, did you know Katrina Cartright?”
   “Sort of,” I found myself saying. “We took potions together and she sat at my table but we didn’t see each other outside class — she had nicer boobs than Sylvia and she wasn’t a bitch to me so we talked and flirted a little bit.”
   I was babbling. I knew I was babbling. Everything I said was truthful, but I wasn’t sure why I felt it necessary to say so much.
“That’s enough,” Prima Rosethorn said, and I felt the babbling stop.
   It’s weird to say that, but I could feel the babbling like a physical thing inside me.
   “Try to concentrate on short, truthful answers,” Mel said. “As well as the actual topic of the question.”
   I nodded, but I wasn’t sure I was going to be able to concentrate on anything — the just too warm sensation covering my body had changed to a tingling. My lips were numb, and my vision was a little blurry. It felt like I was drunk, but Mel and Prima Rosethorn wouldn’t get me drunk, would they?
I blinked a couple times trying to clear my vision and looked at Mel. “Are you feeling all right, Noah?”
“I’m feeling … fantastic! Really, really good, actually.”
   And I was — it felt like I was floating, not sitting in a chair, and waves were rolling through my body. Like massaging hands running over me from top to bottom. I looked at Mel and Prima Rosethorn, waiting for the next question.
   While I looked at them, I noticed that Mel was looking particularly lovely today. She had on a tight knit sweater and a pencil skirt, both of which clung to her generous figure. The skirt rode up to mid-thigh as she was sitting, and I wondered how high her hose went — if they were pantyhose or stockings? Maybe a garter belt? Her long dark hair was draped over her shoulders flowing over her ample breasts. Those breasts filled and stretched her sweater like balloons. Sweater-balloons.
“Pretty,” I murmured, staring at the sweater balloons. “Noah?”
“Balloons,” I murmured through a grin. Mel frowned.
“Let me see that bottle,” she said. “Pretty, pretty,” I said, handing it to her.
Mel sniffed the bottle, then set it on Prima Rosethorn’s desk with a sigh. “I assume you got that from Lisandra?”
“Of course,” Prima Rosethorn said. “Is something the matter?” “Did you happen to tell Magistra Fallowell who it was for?”
   The Prima and Magistra Fallowell had talked about me. Tiny, delicate, beautiful Magistra Fallowell.
   Prima Rosethorn shook her head. “I asked her to send several over this morning, once it became clear we might need to question some students.”
Mel sighed.
I liked the sigh. It did things to the sweater balloons. “Noah? Noah? Noah!”
   I raised my gaze to Mel’s face, watching as she said my name. Her mouth was very pretty too.
“Pretty,” I said smiling.
“What’s wrong with him?” Prima Rosethorn asked.
   “This particular potion is designed to merge with the mana a witch generates. The merging allows her to burn off the effects of the potion rather quickly, which is why it only lasts for a few minutes … on a witch.”
   “But warlocks don’t generate as much mana of their own. All their mana is in their resonant stores, so there’s nothing to bind up the potion,” Prima said, lowering her head and shaking it. “Willowmere is not having a good year with potions, it seems. What effect will it have on him? And, whatever it is, I’ll remind you this is the natural result of adding a warlock to the school when there hasn’t been one here in so long. No one thinks to consider their differences.”
   “We can discuss that later,” Mel said. “For now, we can expect the effects to last on him for an hour or more — perhaps two — and be much stronger than on a witch, especially the reduction of his inhibitions, which makes someone more comfortable telling the truth.”   
“So, no lasting ill effects?”
   I reached out a finger to touch Mel’s pretty lips, but she swatted it away and gave me a glare.
“Not to anything but his dignity,” she said.
   “So perhaps we should finish the questioning, and then put him somewhere safe for it to wear off?”
“Safe and alone.”
“Very well, Magellus Ashe? Magellus Ashe?”
   I turned to Prima Rosethorn — she was quite attractive too, though older looking than Mel. She was still a handsome woman, with a good figure, even though the clothes she wore weren’t as tight as Mel’s.
“You’re pretty too,” I said, not wanting Prima Rosethorn to feel left out.
   Something about that felt inappropriate, but I didn’t care. It was the truth.
   “Yes, we’ll skip the preliminaries and get this done with as quickly as possible. Magellus Ashe, did you kill Katrina Cartwright?”
   I shook my head emphatically. “No. I liked Katrina. She had sweater pillows.”
   Prima Rosethorn sighed. “Do you know anything about the circumstances of Katrina Cartwright’s death?”
   I shook my head again. “No, I think I know she was found in the State Park forest, and that she was drained of mana — you told me that — and that it’s very sad.”
   “Did you see Katrina Cartwright after your arrival at the party last night?”
   “No — I wish I had. I wish I‘d danced with her. Maybe she’d be alive if I hadn’t been selfish.”
   Prima Rosethorn drew in a sharp breath. “I … I believe that’s all I care to ask him in this state.”
   Mel nodded. “It should be sufficient for us to assure the Cartwrights that we can conclude he had nothing to do with Katrina’s death.”
“Should we put him in the infirmary until this wears off?”
   “Katrina’s body is there,” Mel said quietly. “I don’t think it would be kind to leave him in the same room with her — nor do I think he should be in the infirmary when her Family arrives. Especially in this state.”
“You said it will wear off in an hour or two?”
Mel nodded. “Possibly more, depending on his metabolism.”  
“Then perhaps if you escort him back to his room, he can remain there
— we can ask Magella Prescott to use the library for a few hours before returning to their room.”
“That would be best,” Mel said, standing.
   Standing	made	her	skirt	slide	back	down	her	thighs,	that	was disappointing, but it also put her butt at my eye-level.
“Pretty.”
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

MEL AND I LEFT PRIMA ROSETHORN’S OFFICE.
   “I’m sorry, Noah,” Mel said once we were out on the empty quad. “I should’ve checked which potion she intended to give you to see if there were any side effects for warlocks. I expected her to do that check herself, but I sometimes forget how very long it’s been since warlocks attended Willowmere.”
   “That’s okay,” I said, falling a step or two behind her so I could watch her butt. I knew that was inappropriate, but I couldn’t seem to help myself. “I feel really good.”
Mel snapped her fingers.
   “Up with me, if you will, dear,” she said causing me to jump and skip a couple steps so that I was beside her again. “At least it’s chosen to interact with the least harmful of your resonants.”
   I thought about what she said. Apparently, I’d been right to blame the potion for how I couldn’t seem to stop staring at Mel’s attributes, but did that mean there’d been a chance for it to affect either of my other resonants? What would’ve happened if it had bound to Control? Would I have started trying to boss Mel and Prima Rosethorn around? Or if Pain, would I have tried to hurt someone?
   “The effects should last no more than an hour or two longer,” Mel said. “We just need to keep you away from others until it wears off, or you’ll wind up babbling about how pretty all the girls are — or answering all their questions with the absolute truth, as I don’t think it would take them long to figure out all the effects of the potion.”
   I shuddered at the thought of having to answer any questions the girls might put to me — I knew how a group of guys would take advantage of a girl they found in this position.
   “Noah,” Mel said as we were halfway across the deserted quad, “what you said in Prima Rosethorn’s office — about being selfish and Katrina possibly being alive if you’d stayed with her? You do know that’s not the case, don’t you? We can’t what-if our every decision when something bad happens to others.
   I nodded. I did know that — but I didn’t feel that. I think the feeling would take a lot longer.
“I know — sort of,” I said. “If I’d stayed with her, if I hadn’t gone at all
— it might be different, you know? Or if Ada and Isabella had made a mistake with their glamour and we got caught? It’s like all these things that could have changed it.”
   “There are any number of things one can look at that way. If Willowmere had no tradition of students sneaking off campus to the Cove parties in the first place? If the staff didn’t overlook such things? Should we blame Prima Rosethorn for Katrina’s death?”
I stopped walking. “What? Prima Rosethorn knew?”
   Mel sighed. “Do you really think the school wards wouldn’t notice dozens of students crossing them? The tradition’s been in place since the first time the mundanes held a party at the Cove. Decades.” She chuckled. “Most of the faculty attended Willowmere themselves, you know, do you suppose they’ve forgotten?”
Did everybody except the students know what the students were up to? “Why?” I asked.
   “Because it’s fun. It’s rebellious. Half the reason first-years aren’t allowed off-campus in the first semester is to build up resentment for the restriction, then see which students decide to rebel and go to the Cove. The girls have fun, the faculty learns something about them, and it’s … it was quite safe.”
Mel resumed walking and I followed.
   “The point, dear, is do we go all the way back to the first girl who snuck off campus and started the tradition and blame her for Katrina’s death? Some things are no one’s fault but the one who did the act.”
I nodded, but it still didn’t change what I felt.
   We entered the dorm building and got at least as much attention as I had when I’d left earlier. I wondered if Mel returning with me would add a positive or negative spin to the rumor mill.
   “Here we are, dear,” Mel said as we reached my door. “I suggest you lie down and have a nice nap while this wears off. Prima Rosethorn will ensure Samantha understands not to return for at least two hours.”
I slid between Mel and the door facing her.
   “Well, if she won’t be back for a couple hours, why don’t you slip inside with me and we can make the most of the privacy?”
   Oh, no, I thought. Was that me? Did I just ask that? What the hell is wrong with me? Did I just suggest…
   “Hhmm,” Mel said, her face becoming thoughtful. She licked her lips and raised one hand to rest her fingertips on my chest, then leaned toward me. “That is a very … interesting suggestion. How might we spend that time?”
   Oh, no, is she… Would she really be into it? And had I managed to trigger her interest with such a lame fucking line?
Mel leaned forward, her lips suddenly inches from mine.
   I quickly glanced around, the hallway was empty with all the girls either in their rooms or down in the common room and cafeteria. Thoughts of rolling around my narrow bed with Mel flashed through my head … even if she was four thousand years old or something like that, she was still probably the hottest woman on campus.
I closed my eyes and leaned toward her.
   The door latch clicked, the door behind me opened, and Mel pushed me backward into my room.
   “I’m going to spell the latch so that it won’t open from the inside for two hours, dear. I don’t want you running amok with your irresistible charms amongst the girls.”
   Mel pulled the door shut and a moment later I saw a sparkle of light through the door’s edge and a click from the latch. I tried to open the door but it wouldn’t budge.
“I’m not sure if I should be disappointed or not,” I murmured.
   I turned around, stripping off my shirt for a nap, and found five heads staring at me from around the short entryway’s corners.
   Hannah, Brittany, Rachel, Ava, and Isabella were all crowded at the head of each bed, trying to stay out of sight of the doorway.   
   “We hid when we heard Magistra Blackwood’s voice outside,” Hannah said. “If she saw us in here, she might suspect something’s up.”
   I’d forgotten Sam had told the others to get Ava and Isabella then meet us back in our room.
   “Good thinking,” I said, trying to think of a way to get them out quickly so I could lie down alone and stop embarrassing myself.
   I froze, remembering. The door was locked, and spelled not to open for two hours.
“What did Prima Rosethorn say?” Brittany asked.
   “She asked me questions. She seemed to believe me,” I said, fighting the urge to try and quote my entire conversation with Prima Rosethorn verbatim. I managed to convince myself that I truthfully answered the intent of the question, if not literally, but it was really hard.
   “That’s good,” Rachel said. “Where’s Sam? Did she not come back with you?”
“Sam is in the library for at least two hours.” “Why?”
   I struggled, I tried so hard, to find a way to phrase my answer, but both mind and body betrayed me, because all I could think about was being locked in my bedroom for two hours with five beautiful girls.
   “Because Prima Rosethorn gave me a truth potion that made me tell the absolute truth for the next two hours and has the side effect of making me feel drunk and horny.”
   Ava and Isabella stared at me. Rachel turned bright red and her hand rose to cover her mouth, while Brittany couldn’t seem to stop blinking and Hannah’s mouth kept opening and closing like a fish gulping air.
   “See? I have no filter. I answer every question and can’t stop looking at pretty boobs.”
   My problem now was that I’d entered the room and there were five sets of pretty boobs kneeling on the beds and I couldn’t pick which set to look at. I decided to be fair and give them all equal time.
“Oh,” Isabella said, face growing nearly as red as Rachel’s. “I should go to sleep for the next two hours,” I said.
“Yes!” Brittany said.
   “Absolutely!” Hannah agreed. “We’ll go back to our rooms now and you let Sam come get us when you’re feeling better.”   
   I moved out of the way as they rushed past me, heading for the door, but knew it was no use.
   I entered the main part of our room while they clustered by the door, Hannah rattling the doorknob and trying to open it.
I sat down on my bed.
   “Mel spelled the latch not to open for two hours so no one would have to be in here with me in this state.”
I kicked my shoes off as the girls crept slowly back into the main room. “This is not fair,” Brittany said.
Ava nodded. “We did try.” “Try what?” I asked.
   “We tried to leave,” Isabella said. “We tried to do the right thing, but you can’t expect us to sit in your room for two hours with you like this and not…”
“Not what?”
The five girls sat on Sam’s bed and stared at me intently. Hannah narrowed her eyes.
   I stared back — well, my stare was a little lower than theirs, but I did stare.
   The silence stretched on long enough to make me a little nervous and I raised my gaze to the girls’ faces.
   They each had an intense, almost hungry look, staring at me intently. Ava’s tongue wet her lips. Brittany’s lips were slightly parted and she breathed deeply, making what I’d just been staring at even more distracting. Rachel’s brow was creased, as though she was worried, and Hannah … I think I might have been safer when Hannah was afraid of me.
   I edged back on my bed to put my back against the wall. Part of me did it to put more distance between myself and those piercing gazes — a different part decided that if I was going to be trapped in the room for two hours with five girls who looked like they were about to devour me, I should at least get comfortable.
What was this? What had gotten into them? Was it my Lust resonant?
I knew if the mana in my resonants got out of balance it could affect me
— did the truth potion interacting with that somehow give off a fuck-me vibe the girls were picking up on? Magistra Fallowell had the Allure affinity — had the truth potion triggered that in me, too?
Was … was there going to be a perilous orgy?
I took a deep breath and braced myself to welcome the peril. “Girls?” I asked, slowly and carefully. “What are you doing?”
   Rachel held back a bit, frowning more, but the other four girls leaned toward me. Ava put a hand on my bed, and as though that was some kind of signal, the others did as well. Leaning forward … shirts draping open to expose cleavage and bras. Isabella’s bra was pink lace, very sheer, and exposed her —
“Remember we did try,” Ava said.
   Rachel remained sitting, but the other four came closer, putting their other hand on my bed, moving in unison like a pack of hunting cats, stalking me.
“We tried to leave,” Hannah said.
“We tried to be good,” Isabella purred.
It was a purr; I can’t describe it any other way. “Um, could we maybe talk about this?” I asked.
   If it was some combination of the potion and my Lust resonant working on them, I didn’t want something to happen that they might regret — the look on Ava’s face made my mouth go dry — or that I might not survive.
“No!”
   The girls pounced, turning to sit on my bed, making it bounce as they seated themselves and leaned in toward me.
“Who do you think is the prettiest girl in the school?” Hannah asked. “No, no,” Brittany said. “Who do you have a crush on in school?” “Oh, forget that,” Ava said. “What’s The Blackwood really like?”
   “Yeah, yeah,” Isabella demanded eagerly. “Is she really as powerful as they say?”
   I nearly bit my tongue in half to keep from speaking. I clenched my jaw and tried to concentrate — because even if I wasn’t compelled to answer, the damn potion had me so loopy that I almost couldn’t control myself. There was no way this ended well — no answer to any of those questions that wouldn’t get me in trouble with somebody, and I just knew worse questions were on their way. The only thing going in my favor was that the questions were coming so fast I didn’t have a chance to babble before the next one came.
   “Who in this school would you least like to be stuck on a deserted island with and why?”
      “No, no, who would you most like to be stuck on a desert island with and why?”
“Do you have a crush on anyone?” “Have you ever kissed a girl?” “Who would you like to kiss?”
“Have you ever more than kissed a girl?” “Who would you like to more than kiss?”
   I closed my eyes and covered my ears with my hands. I’d have chanted “la-la-la-la” if I thought it might help.
“Guys, come on,” Rachel said. “This isn’t fair.” “We’re just having fun!”
“No, you’re not,” Rachel said.
   I felt movement in the room and opened my eyes to find myself staring at Rachel’s butt — she’d stood up and pushed the others off my bed, putting herself between us, hands on hips and staring them down.
   “Magistra Blackwood wouldn’t have locked him in here if she didn’t think he needed to be alone — what do you think she’s going to do when she finds out you all took advantage of Noah’s condition to embarrass him?”
   “We’re not trying to embarrass him, we’re trying to solicit valuable information.”
“If there’s any doubt,” I offered, “you’re embarrassing me.” “See?”
   I resisted the urge to grab Rachel’s butt — it was just so firm and cute, and she was adorable when she got wound up. I was sad that the only time she stood up to others was to defend somebody — or yell at a spellstick game — and not to stand up for herself. She was always so quiet and shy when it was about her.
I hoped defending me didn’t make her explode. Hannah huffed.
“So, what are we supposed to do for two hours, just sit here?”
   “Yes, that’s exactly what I expect you to do.” Rachel turned around. “Noah, you need — what are you doing with your hands?”
   My hands were raised to my chest level — her butt’s — with fingers curled and ready to grab something. I quickly straightened my fingers and raised my hands higher.  
   “I was going to grab your butt,” I said, entirely truthfully, “but I surrender to your fierceness. What do you want me to do?”
   Rachel looked at my hands, which I’d raised so that they were now level with her boobs.
   She blushed and stammered, “I — you —” she took a deep breath. “You should lie down and sleep this off.” She turned around to face Hannah and the others again, covering her butt with her hands. “And you all, sit there and be quiet and let him sleep. I don’t care if you take a nap, or do your homework, or just sit there and stare at the wall, but leave Noah alone.”
   She sat down on the edge of my bed, apparently fully prepared to stay there and guard me while I slept the potion off. Which seemed to me an awfully good idea, so I did lie down and close my eyes.