CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE

SOLSTICE BREAK STARTED WITH THE CAMPUS EMPTYING ITSELF OF STUDENTS.
   Sam and I walked together across the quad to the school’s gravel driveway, where she got into one of her Family’s big, black SUVs for the trip home to their estate while I caught a cab from the waiting line to the train station.
   There were a couple other students I saw at the station, boarding trains to their destinations — I assumed either their Families’ Solstice celebrations were happening too far away to drive, or they were some of the smaller Families who didn’t have a fleet of cars and drivers. While I recognized them from Willowmere, I hadn’t really interacted with any of them so didn’t try to talk to them. Instead, I waited quietly for the train, thinking about the school break and how I was going to spend it.
   I still hadn’t told Mel that I was going to spend the actual Solstice night with Sam, but she didn’t seem to be someone who got overly into holidays or that sort of thing.
   Sam was going to tell her mom that she was going to spend the Solstice with Mel and me. She figured that would make her mother think she was trying to get close enough to me to mark me, so her mom wouldn’t object
— or would probably encourage it. The plan was for me to tell Mel that Sam had invited me to the Prescott’s Solstice celebration. We decided that it would be best to tell Mel that after the break started, so there was less chance she tried to speak to Sam, or worse, contact Sam’s mother.
Me riding the train alone was a calculated risk.
   
   Mel had needed to return home a few days earlier to take care of some things she didn’t specify, but we hadn’t wanted me to miss the last few days of class before the break. Prima Rosethorn taught Mel’s classes while she was gone. Everyone seemed to think the witch Families would still be preoccupied with the implications of Katrina’s death and not be willing to take on both Mel and Willowmere to get at me, so it would be safe.
   Which it was — the train ride was peaceful and uneventful, and I even got quite a bit of studying done. Mostly in potions, which I still didn’t quite get. The whole idea that the ingredients themselves weren’t magical, but only held the mana we put into them, but at the same time, the ingredients mattered because of their association with particular effects. It was almost as if the beliefs of generations of witches had formed and restricted the magic in some way — if it was only the intent, then I should be able to put any intent and enough mana into, say, parsley to have any effect I intended, but parsley would only work for things like protection or fertility — the witches had a lot of ingredients about fertility.
   Even after reading the chapter several times, I still hadn’t really grasped the idea when the train pulled into the station.
I stuffed my books back in my backpack as the train came to a stop.
Outside the station, I caught a cab to Mel’s brownstone.
   I climbed the stoop and put the key in the lock, happy to be home — then paused, realizing that I really did feel that way about the place, not just the happiness part, but the home part. Mel’s brownstone seemed to exude an aura of welcoming that made me feel something, for the first time in my life, that fit with what other people seemed to mean when they said home. Even the building’s wards seemed to reach out to me as I approached and give me a welcoming hug.
It was an odd sensation and I kind of hoped that I’d never get used to it.
It was too special to let become commonplace.
   Then I opened the brownstone’s door and felt like someone had punched me in the nose.
   Cinnamon and nutmeg, mint and chocolate — they seemed to roll through the open door like a wall of fog. The scents were overwhelming — not unpleasant, but there was so much of them that I staggered.
“Is that you, Noah?”
   I took a deep breath, trying to breathe through my mouth until I got used to it.
   
   “Yeah, Mel,” I called, closing the door behind me and setting my backpack by the stairs to take up later.
“I’m in the kitchen, dear.”
I walked back to the main room and saw a scene of utter chaos.
   The kitchen, kitchen island, dining room table, and living room were all covered in some sort of massive baking effort.
   There were cloths covering the island, dining table, coffee table, both chairs, and a third of the couch, all with either cooling racks, baking supplies, plastic storage containers, or other things I didn’t immediately recognize. Mel had three stand mixers in the kitchen and she was putting cookie sheets into the oven.
“Did you have any trouble with the train, dear?”
   I shook my head. “None. I did most of my potions paper for the break, but I still don’t get the whole attributes thing.”
   Mel grabbed another two cookie sheets off the counter and slid them into the oven.
“Don’t worry, it will come to you.
   Mel turned to slide two more trays of cookies into the oven. I reached for one of the cookies she’d just set on the cooling rack, but Felicity hopped up onto the island and smacked my hand with her paw.
   “Those are still too hot, dear,” Mel said, not turning from the oven. “Try the ones on the dining table, they’ve cooled a bit. But first hand me those two trays.”
   I grabbed the two trays of cookie dough balls from the island and stepped around it to hand them to Mel, who took them and slid them into the oven — I opened my mouth to ask just how big the inside of the oven was, then closed it as I thought better of the idea. Whatever magic Mel had going on in the appliance would probably just confuse me.
   I went over to the dining table and sat down to grab a couple cookies — before I took even one bite, Mel was beside me setting down a glass of milk.
“Thank you.”
Mel patted my shoulder. “You’re welcome, dear.”
   I had to resist the urge to stuff an entire cookie in my mouth after the first bite. They were absolutely perfect — a slightly crispy edge, with a soft center that combined with the edge to give it a little bit of chew, and chocolate chips still warm enough to coat your entire tongue.
   
Okay — I did shove an entire cookie in my mouth.
   “What’s with all the cookies?” I asked after I swallowed my first with a gulp of milk.
   “Evelina has invited us to the school’s Solstice celebration and I don’t want to show up empty-handed.”
“Oh,” I said, feeling my stomach sink.
   Mel turned from the counter where she was preparing another batch of dough in one of the stand mixers and crossed to the island, setting her hands one atop the other there.
“Is something wrong?”
   I flushed, kind of hating that I was going to have to lie to Mel after everything she’d done for me, as well as after having just eaten one of her fantastic cookies. Our whole plan had been that Mel wouldn’t have any particular plans for the Solstice and now she wanted to return to the school for a party?
“Um, Sam has kind of asked me to spend the Solstice with her,” I said
— phrasing it so it wasn’t quite as big a lie. I was going to spend the night with Sam, after all.
“With the Prescotts?” Mel asked, eyebrows rising.
I quickly stuffed a cookie in my mouth and mumbled something around
it.
It still wasn’t really a lie, right? I would be spending the Solstice with a
Prescott — I just hadn’t corrected Mel’s plural assumption with the singular reality.
   I grabbed another cookie and glanced over at her, then quickly away — Mel’s lips were rather thin and her eyes narrowed. Felicity hopped up into my lap and rubbed her cheek against my arm, so I tried to distract myself from Mel’s expression by dipping a finger in my milk and holding it for her to lick.
“I see,” Mel said.
   “It’s just that — Sam and I are really good friends, and she asked me if I’d like to go, and I didn’t think we’d have any real plans, since I’ve never had a Solstice-thing before, so I said yes…”
Mel nodded slowly.
“I … could maybe … tell Sam I have to change plans?”
   I wasn’t sure why I’d even suggested that, because Sam had been pretty excited about the idea of doing it on the Solstice for witch-reasons, and I
   
really didn’t want to tell her we had to do it a different day, but I could feel Mel staring at me.
   Felicity bumped her head against my hand so I dipped out some more milk for her to lick.
   “No,” Mel said, “that won’t be necessary — you should spend Solstice with your friend rather than a room full of teachers and school marms who have nowhere better to go.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. Just watch the mead and don’t get into any trouble.” “Trouble?”
   “The Prescotts are not known for their restraint,” Mel said. “Samantha excluded, I’m sure. And you are, after all, still a rather valuable, unmarked, trinitara warlock. I’d expect there to be certain … offers made.”
   My face flushed hot, and I snuck a quick glance at Mel, who seemed to be smirking.
   “Oh. You think they might try … something? I mean, how bad are they?”
   “They’ll make you an offer, certainly, but there’s no need to look so frightened, dear. The Prescotts are too well known to try anything untoward, especially with the protections I and Evelina offer. Still…”
“Um, still?”
“You’ve met Samantha’s mother.”
   “Yeah.” Well, I’d seen her, which was about as close to meeting the witch as I cared to get.
   “Julia Prescott is the public face of the Prescotts because she’s the nice one.”
CHAPTER FORTY-SIX

SAM USED HER KEY CARD TO OPEN THE DOOR TO THE HOTEL ROOM. SHE WAS
wearing a skirt and buttoned blouse today instead of her usual tight jeans and irreverent t-shirt, because she wanted her mother to think she was dressing up to spend Solstice with me and Mel.
   We went in, and it really wasn’t just a room, it was a whole suite with a small kitchen, sitting area, and a door to a separate bedroom that was slightly ajar and showed a king-size bed.
I gave a low whistle. “This is nice,” I said.
   Sam grinned. “I put it on my mother’s credit card — probably the last thing I charge, because I’m pretty sure she’s gonna cut me off after this.”
   Her comment made me think again about what we were doing. It was a big thing for me — to be tying myself to her, basically forever — but I’d reconciled myself to the fact that I couldn’t hide from the witches and they’d keep trying to mark me and bring me into these Families of theirs, so I needed to do what was necessary to remain independent. And if I had to tie myself to thirteen witches, Sam was best start I could think of.
   She’d been a real friend to me since I arrived at the school — maybe the first real friend I’d had other than Morgan.
   She was risking more than I was though. She fully expected her mother and the rest of her Family to disown her — well, unless one of them managed mark me later, in which case they’d get her back and probably pretend like nothing ever happened.
“Do you want a drink?” Sam asked, running a finger over the minibar. “No,” I said. “I’m good.”
   
Sam took a deep breath and then grabbed my hand. “All right then.”
   She turned around and led me to the bedroom, then let go of my hand and backed up to the bed. My mouth went dry.
   With a dramatic wave of her arms, she jumped backward onto the bed, landing on her back with her legs hanging over the edge, her arms outspread, and face toward the ceiling with her eyes closed.
“All right, stud-boy, do me!” I stared at her.
She cracked one eye open. “Awkward?” I laughed. “Yeah, awkward.”
Sam sat up and I went to the bed and sat beside her. “Look, you don’t —” we both said together.
I chuckled and she shook her head.
   “We don’t have to do this, if you don’t want to — if you’ve changed your mind,” Sam said. “Like, if you wouldn’t want me in your coven, or you don’t think I’m attractive enough, or —”
I reached over and took her hand.
   “I can’t think of any witch I’d rather start a coven with, and you’re beautiful.”
“Really? Not cute?”
“I learned that lesson.”
Sam nodded. “Excellent — I knew you could be taught.” “Brat,” I said, nudging her with my shoulder.
Sam giggled, but then we both sobered again.
   “Um, I’ve, well,” I tried. “I’ve been thinking about it since you suggested this — well, at least since I learned what it really meant we were going to do —”
“Ooo — did I get you worked up?”
“Yeah, pretty worked up and you know it. But even so, I know I’m not
… the sort of thing you want. So, I want you to know it’s okay if you change your mind — I won’t get mad or anything. We’ll still be friends — best friends.”
   Sam sighed and pulled my hand into her lap and covered it with her other hand.
   “I’ve known all my life that I liked girls,” she said. “And I’ve known just as long that I want to be part of a coven and I want to have kids — and
   
I don’t think you realize how important kids are to witches these days. Girls aren’t going to make that happen and I can’t be part of a coven, doing rituals, if I restrict myself to girls. So, I guess I’m … well, not fully-bi, but situationally-bi?”
“I’m the situation?”
   Sam grinned. “You’re my situation.” She paused. “But I won’t be mad either … if you changed your mind. I know I’m not what you —”
   “Hey,” I cut her off. “I told you I wanted my coven to be a family — you’re my family.”
Sam sighed. “We’re doing it again, aren’t we?”
   I nodded. “Yeah, we could spend all night trying to make sure the other one’s okay with this.”
Sam caught her lower lip between her teeth. “So, how do we start?” I grinned. “You don’t know?”
“No, I’ve never done this before.” “With a guy?”
“With anyone. What about you?” “With a guy?”
Sam smacked me on the shoulder. “With anyone!”
“Um, no.” I looked at her. “Well, how about we start with a kiss?” She smiled and lowered her gaze. “Okay.”
   I turned toward her, put my free hand against her cheek to turn her face toward me, and leaned in.
It was weird and not weird at the same time.
   Her lips were soft, and tasted like strawberries. I could smell peaches, too, and I knew that was the scent of her body wash — it was a familiar scent, after all we lived in the same room and I’d smelled that every time she took a shower, but now it had an extra, almost intoxicating, effect. My heart sped up and I was very aware of my hand in her lap clasped between both of hers. My fingertips were touching her thigh and I felt sure her skirt must be about to catch fire from how hot she felt against my hand.
   After a bit I broke off the kiss, and looked at her. Her eyes were closed, lips barely parted, and the corners of her mouth quirked up in a smile.
“That was nice,” she whispered.
“Yeah,” I said with my voice cracking a little.
“I’m still going to pretend you’re a flat-chested chick with a strap on.” “Brat!” I said and shoved her back to fall on the bed while she laughed.
   
I lay down beside her, pulled her face toward me again, and kissed her. Her hands were at her side now, and as I rolled toward her into the kiss,
one was touching me mid-thigh. She tensed for a moment then relaxed and I felt her fingertips barely stroking.
   I opened my lips and gently probed with my tongue and her lips opened in response.
   Our tongues met gently, tentatively, then more firmly. I rolled more toward her, propping myself up on one elbow and laid my free hand on her waist. She gasped, but didn’t break the kiss so I gently caressed her side from chest to hip.
   I silently thanked my foster-mom for being addicted to romance novels. While I might not have gotten any real action in high school, I’d had a lot of spare time to read. And while I knew those were unrealistic fantasies for middle-aged women, I thought I’d been able to separate out a few practical things that made those stories appealing and had real world applications.
   After a bit more kissing, I trailed my fingers gently up from her side and over her belly. I slid one finger into the gap between the buttons of her shirt and let my fingertip stroke her bare skin.
   Sam gasped. She arched her back pressing herself up into my hand, and let out a long breath.
   Still kissing her I moved my fingers to the bottom button of her blouse and gave her shirt a little tug to free it from her skirt. I figured that made it clear where I was going next, so she could object if she wanted to, but if anything, her tongue became more forceful and energetic against mine.
   I fumbled the first button a couple times, but got the hang of it, then undid the bottom three buttons of her blouse and let the fabric drift away down her sides to bare her stomach. I laid my hand there and started idly tracing designs with my fingertips. Sam moaned low and long, her breath coming hot where our lips met.
   I ran my hand up under her shirt, over her ribs, until I touched the fabric of her bra. Sam took in a long slow breath, air hissing between her teeth.
   The sound made a shudder roll through my body and I felt a strong satisfaction. Something deep inside me clicked — I’d made her do that; I’d drawn that sound from her. I felt proud and wanted to get more from her. Play her body like an instrument, and see what music we might make. That was a line from one of Karen’s romances that had stuck with me.