
“Um, you grounded her.” That didn’t sound very independent.
   Mel shrugged. “If she insists on acting like a rebellious teenager, then she gets treated like one.”
“But she can understand us?” “Oh, yes.”
   For some reason, that was almost harder to accept than magic existing in the first place, but I made a note to talk to Felicity alone soon. If she really could understand us, I wanted to thank her for being there for me all those years … and ask her not to tell Mel some of the things I’d shared with her. I’d said some pretty private things to the damn cat, thinking she couldn’t tell anyone.
   And then I had to blink a couple times at how quickly I’d accepted all this, even a cat who could understand speech.
   “Back to what I was explaining,” Mel said. “After Salem things actually started to improve for witches. The mundanes eventually tried to deny the horrors they’re capable of by writing Salem off to fanatics and hysteria —
   
of course, in order to do so they had to deny our existence as well. The number of clearly innocent women who were killed there … well, I suppose it made people look at things differently.
   “In addition, the New World was very different than the Old. In Europe, privacy was a privilege of the nobility, you see. In the Americas, it was the privilege of the rich. Witches don’t have to live in isolated forest huts, you know, we’re quite capable of earning a great deal of money.
   “Now, a farmer or woodsman can’t have thirteen wives, but a wealthy man, the owner of a large estate? He might have his wife, her unmarried sisters and his, perhaps their daughters, and any number of servants — all roles which could be played by the witches of his coven, or come from another to visit, leaving the neighbors and busybodies none the wiser about what goes on.”
   She finished assembling the sandwiches, made a gesture over them, and slid one to me.
   “So, the Families were formed. Rather than one coven being the basic structure, Families formed multiple, cooperative covens, primarily of relations. It was simply easier to transfer the wealth around as necessary and give everyone the protection from mundanes they needed.”
   I took a bite of my sandwich, surprised to find the turkey was warm, while the lettuce and tomato were still crisp and cold. The spread was more like a sauce — warmed by the turkey and filling my mouth with flavor.
   “This is really good,” I mumbled around a mouthful — pretty sure it was the best sandwich, maybe the best anything, I’d ever had.
   “Thank you, dear.” Mel took a bite of her own and swallowed quickly. “The transition to focus on Families had an additional effect, because covens are inherently hierarchical due to the coven bindings — at least twelve of the witches are bound to the warlock, while the warlock may either mark the high priestess or be marked by her.”
“Mark?”
   “It’s a sort of —” Mel shrugged and took another bite of her sandwich. “Well, firstly it’s an actual mark — the witches’ mark you hear about witch hunters looking for?”
I nodded. I think that had been in The Crucible. “Like birthmarks?”
   “Sometimes that’s the appearance, yes. It’s deeper than just a mark, though. It’s a bond between the witch and warlock. A permanent bond, and
   
it’s what allows the witch and warlock to exchange mana more easily.” I frowned. “Didn’t we just —”
   “No, dear, that was just ambient mana, not an exchange. An exchange is much … deeper. Far more intimate.”
“Okay — wait, you said permanent? Like marriage, then?”
   Mel chuckled. “Marriages can be dissolved, dear, the coven bond is quite literally permanent. Literally literally, not the more common usage these days.”
“Oh.”
   “Yes. Now if the warlock marks all the witches in the coven, then the coven is independent, but if one witch marks the warlock then she is the sole high priestess — and yet she is still vulnerable to being marked by another warlock, creating a hierarchy of covens.”
   I thought about that while Mel chewed another bite of her sandwich. “So, witches have to make a decision whether you want to be independent or part of some hierarchy?”
   “It’s rarely a decision — at least these days. The marking process itself is an instinctual struggle for dominance, but the Families have taken to planning out their covens with an eye toward that hierarchy. You see, a warlock can give all of a coven’s power to the high priestess for a ritual, but if she’s bound to another warlock, then he can take that power from her and give it to his high priestess — and thus, up the chain, to the head coven of the Family.”
I chewed slowly. “So, it’s a pyramid scheme?”
   Mel’s brow furrowed and she said nothing as she went to the fridge and returned with two cans of soda, handing me one.
   “I’m sorry, this is all we have — it’s Felicity’s favorite and I really don’t have a preference.” She took a small bowl and poured some of the soda, setting the bowl next to the cat’s plate. “I’ll add whatever you prefer to the grocery order.”
   “This is fine,” I said, pondering both the implication that she expected me to be here long enough to need groceries and the sight of a cat lapping up strawberry soda with her rapidly moving pink tongue.
   Mel nodded. “A pyramid scheme is not the worst way to describe it, actually. Not to say that all the covens don’t benefit from the arrangement to some degree — the Families have a great deal of resources — but most of the power does flow to those at the top.”
   
“Okay, so how does that put me in danger?”
   “In three ways: First, as an unmarked warlock, all of the Families will want to add you to their hierarchy — willingly or unwillingly; second, as a trinitara warlock, they will want you even more; and, lastly, having the Control resonant with a Command affinity, some will desperately want to obtain that power for their own use … while others will want to simply kill you.”
   Mel calmly took another bite of her sandwich, as though she hadn’t just described someone wanting to murder me.
“Kill me?”
“Think about it, dear. You have the power to compel others to obey you
— likely only mundanes at this point, as you’re young and untrained, but with time and growth any witch whose shields you can penetrate and whose will you can overcome will be vulnerable to you. The Families who know they couldn’t take and keep you will want to ensure no one else does.”
I swallowed hard and pushed my plate aside, losing my appetite.
   “That’s why Felicity was right not to tell me about you earlier,” Mel went on. “My first instinct would have been to bring you here to keep you safe, but … that would not have done so. I wouldn’t have been able to keep others from finding out about you for years … I’m not a hermit, and wouldn’t want to force you to be one.” She shook her head. “No, until you came into your power and could shield yourself, it was best for you to remain where you were. Witches aren’t entirely insular, but the odds of one crossing your path while you were living as any other mundane and her bothering to look closely enough at you to tell you were a warlock were slim until you came into your power and began absorbing mana. Now it’s embarrassingly obvious what you are.”
   “So, once I learn these shields, I’ll be safe?” I asked, feeling a little better.
   “No, dear. Somewhat, but not entirely. Even if you can hide your resonants and that you’re a trinitara, you’re still an unmarked warlock and quite valuable for that alone.” Mel picked up our plates, seeing that I wasn’t eating more, and took them to the sink. “Now, you might wish to join a Family — if so, I can make some introductions for you. What the life lacks in freedom for a warlock it more than makes up for in luxury.”
“How’s that? What ‘lacks in freedom’?”
   
   “Family warlocks don’t generally leave the estates. They’re kept … protected.”
The pause before “protected” didn’t encourage me.
   “A Family warlock’s duties,” Mel went on, “are to harvest mana from his coven and pass it up the chain. Very little else. It’s not an onerous or time-consuming job, I suppose, but they do have considerably less freedom than the witches.”
   “I don’t think I’d like that,” I said. I’d had enough of being controlled in the foster system — now, as an adult, I was kind of looking forward to doing whatever the hell I wanted without curfews and bedchecks.
   Despite this warlock job being to “harvest” mana and Mel telling me that mana exchange was typically done through sex, if I was going to be harvesting power that way it seemed like it should be used by me and my coven — not sent up the chain to some kind of Herbalife executive.
   Mel nodded. “Most who weren’t raised in the Families wouldn’t like it, I think. There are the smaller, more independent Families, of course, but none of them would take the risk of bringing you in unmarked.”
   “What risk? I thought you said the coven was thirteen witches and the bond was permanent, so if I was part of one and it was … full, I guess? Wouldn’t that put an end to things?”
   I wasn’t sure how I felt about permanent bonds, but they’d certainly be better than permanent death.
   Mel shook her head. “No, there would still be those who feared your Command affinity or wouldn’t want anyone else to have it, which would leave you at risk, and many of the more powerful Families would still want to acquire you, even if your resonants remained secret.”
“How? If the bond’s permanent —”
   “It’s permanent until a witch’s death, which opens up a spot in the coven — and opens the warlock to being marked again.”
“Oh.”
   Felicity strolled over and took the space in front of me now that my plate was gone. She stretched out and rolled over on her side for tummy rubs, which I started automatically.
   “Yes,” Mel said. “If you don’t want to join an established Family — and you’d be quite low on the hierarchy, regardless of your power — then your best course is to form an independent coven of your own and rapidly gain
   
enough power to protect yourself from others. In the meantime, once you learn your shields, there are some things we can do to make you safer.”
“Like what?” I asked, running my hand over Felicity’s soft fur.
   “Well, if you stay here with me — and I won’t force you, you’re free to leave at any time — people will assume I plan to form a coven with you and that will grant you some protection.”
“You’re not already in a coven?”
Mel shook her head. “Not for quite some time.”
   That made me a little sad — from what Mel had told me, the covens were pretty important to witches and I wondered why she wasn’t. But the knowledge that covens were permanent until death made it even sadder if she’d once been in one. That must mean her whole coven had died?
   “There’s a second thing that may keep you safe, but I’ll need someone else’s help and will have to speak to her first to determine if she’s still trustworthy enough.”
   Mel stacked the last of the dishes to dry and came back to the island, raising an eyebrow at Felicity, who was stretched out as far as she could and purring loudly.
“She likes tummy rubs,” I said.
   “Oh, I know that,” Mel said, the corner of her mouth quirking up. “When you’re done with that, let’s return to the circle and work on your shields.”
CHAPTER EIGHT

I’D  BEEN  AT  MEL’S  A  FEW  DAYS  AND  WE  WERE  STILL  WORKING  ON
establishing my shields.
   We were back in the basement circle and I was sweating and exhausted, despite having done nothing but sit and manipulate my shields all afternoon. Magic was hard.
   Mel told me it got easier with practice and concentration, and that soon I’d be able to maintain them without even thinking about it, which would be fine except for my concentration being challenged by Mel doing yoga in the circle as well. She said if she had to be down there instructing me, she might as well get her own activities done.
   I think she knew exactly what she was doing to me and was actually trying to distract me to make my shields better.
   She was wearing a tight top — well, everything was tight — that ended just below her breasts, leaving her midriff bare until the tight leggings started.
   To distract myself from the distraction, I decided to ask a couple things that I hadn’t found a good time for since I’d arrived.
   “Hey, Mel, do you have a phone?” I asked. I hadn’t seen a landline in the brownstone and hadn’t seen her use a cell phone at all.
   She paused in a particularly distracting yoga pose and cocked her head at me.
“I’m a witch, dear, not a luddite.”
   I flushed, but how I was I supposed to know? Maybe witches just magic-called each other, though how they’d manage to order a pizza that
   
way I couldn’t figure out. On the other hand, I’d seen any number of excellent meals come out of Mel’s oven, so maybe witches didn’t need to order takeout at all.
“Could I borrow it to make a call later?” I asked.
   I’d promised Morgan I’d call her once I got a phone, and since the work I was doing with Mel didn’t exactly pay, I wasn’t likely to get a phone of my own anytime soon.
   Mel frowned. “You may, if you wish, dear, but I fear you’ll be disappointed.”
Now it was my turn to frown. “Why?”
   Mel sighed. “I assume you want to call someone you knew before arriving here, but relationships between witches and mundanes are rarely successful.”
“Why?”
   Mel unfolded herself from her pose to sit cross-legged, face becoming serious.
   “I do understand that modern mores have become quite liberal, dear, but do you really think your friend is likely to be understanding when you have a coven of thirteen women around you?”
   I thought about it. Morgan would absolutely give me a lot of shit about something like that, but once I explained … no, I couldn’t do that, could I? Mel kept stressing that witches were only safe because the mundanes didn’t believe in them anymore, so telling one probably wasn’t allowed. Still, even without explaining magic, the coven itself could be explained away as just a lifestyle preference, right? It wasn’t the 1600s anymore.
   “Morgan could probably accept that, I think. She’d tease me about it at first … well, maybe forever, but I don’t think it would really bother her.”
   “So a girl, as well as a mundane? You really think she’d share you with a dozen other girls?”
   “What? Oh! No, it’s not like that — Morgan’s just a friend. Well, more than a friend, but not more like that. Like a little sister.”
   “Still, dear, how would you explain your new circumstances? Or will you find some way to keep that from her and never invite her to your home?”
   I paused — yeah, that would be hard, but I’d promised Morgan to stay in touch and I didn’t even have one woman yet, so I’d worry about that if the time ever came.
   
   “I get it, but maybe I can worry about that later? I promised her I’d keep in touch and help her when she ages out next year.”
“A promise?” Mel asked. “What sort of promise?”
   I shrugged, not really understanding what the difference might be — a promise was a promise.
   “Well, I pinkie-swore on it,” I said, thinking Mel would probably laugh that off.
   Mel pursed her lips. “That is a bit different. A witch’s oath is a powerful thing and carries dire consequences if forsaken — the same applies to a warlock.” She sighed. “My phone’s in the wood box on the table near the front door — feel free to use it any time you like, there’s no passcode.”
“No code?”
   Mel smiled and I decided I probably didn’t want to know what would happen to someone who stole a witch’s phone.
“Never mind,” I said quickly.
   Mel slowly folded herself back into a pose that was … interesting, while I returned to concentrating on my shields.
“Say, Mel,” I said after a moment. “Yes, dear?”
“If witches are real — what about other things?” “What other things?” Mel asked.
“Like, vampires, werewolves, that sort of thing?” “Don’t be silly, dear —”
   I breathed a little sigh of relief, because I wasn’t sure I wanted to know vampires and werewolves existed.
“— of course they are.” “What?”
   “Most of the things people tell stories about are real — that’s where the stories came from. Of course, it doesn’t mean that all the stories about those things are true, any more than the stories about witches. Regardless, you’re unlikely to encounter any of the other races — those of us behind the Veil are somewhat insular.”
“The Veil?”
   Mel’s face fell and she rolled out of her pose to sit cross-legged. She was silent for a long time and I waited, wondering what I’d said.
“The Veil came about shortly after Salem.”
   
   “The Trials,” I said, having come to understand that witches often referred to the Trials in sixteenth-century Salem simply as Salem or the Trials.
   Mel nodded. “Shortly after the Trials, maybe ten years, the Veil began to form. It’s a sort of … curtain across the minds of the mundanes, keeping them from seeing us for what we are. It makes them forget that we’re real and dismiss any strange things they might see as their imagination. It’s kept us safe for over four hundred years and we all try to keep it that way by not giving the mundanes too much to think about.”
“Rrrowwrr!”
   I flinched as Felicity landed on my back, attacking from behind. The flinch and the impact made me lose concentration and my shields dissolved in shreds of blue-white light.
   Mel sighed and rolled onto her back, then lifted her feet and grasped her toes to begin rolling her hips back and forth.
“Start concentrating again and bring your shields up.”



SEVEN MINUTES, I thought, later that week. I can do seven more minutes.
   I was in the living room, idly flipping through the shows available on the multiple streaming channels Mel subscribed to. Mel was in the kitchen
— she spent a lot of time there — prepping for dinner. I’d offered to help, but she said I’d only be in the way, and I wasn’t going to complain about that, because she was a truly fantastic cook. I’d encountered more flavor in the two weeks I’d been staying with Mel than in years of Karen’s cooking.
   Tonight’s dinner was something called chicken piccata, with garlic mashed potatoes and something-I-forgot Brussels sprouts, and the scents coming from the kitchen were distracting the hell out of me.
   I quickly scanned the living room, looking for anything out of the ordinary, because I only had six minutes and thirty-seven seconds left.
   My shields had been up and solid for nearly twenty-four hours, and Mel had said once I could keep them stable for that long, despite her and Felicity’s attempts to get through them or shock and startle me out of them,
   
then I’d be good to leave the house and exit the brownstone’s wards. At least with Mel as an escort, that is.
   I was anxious for that — Mel’s place was comfortable, but I kind of did want to get out once in a while, and I was so close.
Five minutes, fifty-two seconds.
   I decided to play a game instead of watching something on television, so I turned on one of the gaming consoles and grabbed a controller. Mel had two high-end consoles and a game collection heavy on RPGs, but every time I turned the conversation that way with her, she didn’t seem interested. I figured maybe she’d played them too much and gotten a little burned out.
   Felicity, on the other hand, seemed fascinated by them. Every time I played, the cat would perch herself on the couch’s arm, staring at the screen, tail twitching. Maybe she saw the little figures moving around the screen as some kind of prey?
“Rroowwrr!”
   I jerked my foot out of the way as Felicity sprang for my ankle from underneath the console.
“Ha! Missed me!”
   The other reason for switching to a game was that Felicity’s preferred method for challenging my shields was a sneak-attack from cover, and I figured she was either under the cabinet or behind the couch. Standing to retrieve the game controller was my best chance to draw her out when I was at least semi-expecting her attack and ready for it.
   Now that I’d seen her and avoided the surprise, she couldn’t startle me into dropping my shields.
“Five  minutes,  twenty-six  seconds,  and  you’re  not  going  to  —
aarrghh!”
   I dropped to my knees, letting the game controller clatter to the hardwood floor, as Mel hit me with an almost overwhelming blast of mana
— I have no idea what the spell was called, something to push past someone’s shields and take them down, but she’d done it before. Never this strongly, though.
   But my shields didn’t go down this time and I had a chance to reinforce them by pouring what little mana I had in reserves into them. I had little, because I only had access to what Mel decided to shed into the environment. The planned trip, once I could properly maintain those
   
shields, included some places she said would have more ambient mana I could collect.
   I flexed my muscles in an unconscious effort to reinforce and expand my own shields to push back against her attack — Mel was trying to get me to keep the shields closer to my skin, but I couldn’t seem to get the hang of that. Instead, I expanded them, pushing them several inches away from my body.
   “Stop that, dear,” Mel said from the kitchen. “You look like you should be hawking refrigerated biscuits.”
   It was incredibly annoying that Mel was able to continue cooking as though nothing was going on, despite hitting me with a magical attack that sent me to my knees.
“It works,” I muttered through gritted teeth. “Rroowwrr!”
   Sharp teeth and claws dug into my calf, but I held on, keeping my shields up while I reached down to detach Felicity from my jeans.
   “Ah, fuck!” I yelled as the cat bit me in the webbing between my thumb and forefinger, and the pressure of Mel’s attack increased.
   I slumped to the floor, eyes closed, completely ignoring Felicity’s continued gnawing while I concentrated on nothing but keeping my shields up.
   Just when I thought I couldn’t hang on any more, both attacks stopped and I was finally able to take a deep breath.
“Dinner’s ready,” Mel called.
