CHAPTER FORTY-NINE

WE WALKED BACK TO MEL’S BROWNSTONE. SAM KEPT HER ARMS WRAPPED
around one of mine and I kind of marveled at how quickly I’d calmed down and stopped being upset once she started touching me. It was as though she’d cleared my head and let me really think about things.
   The brownstone door was unlocked, so we just went in and found Mel in the kitchen cleaning up the aftermath of baking.
   She stopped when she saw us enter and went awkwardly to the island. She set her hands on it, one clutching the other, and looked down at them. It was weird to see Mel uncertain or apologetic — even when she apologized, she usually did it from a position of strength and certainty.
   “I tried to convince Felicity to show you sooner, dear, but she was too afraid.”
   “Why is she so afraid? We’ve known each other for years — the only thing I was upset about was how long it took to tell me.”
The teapot I hadn’t noticed on the stove top started to whistle.
   “We should sit for that. Samantha, dear, there are tea things in that cabinet, would you get them, please?”
“Of course, Melaina,” Sam said, going to the cabinet.
   Apparently, we were having tea. And apparently Mel and Sam had worked out Sam not calling Mel The Blackwood all the time, though why I rated Mel and Sam was stuck with Melaina, I didn’t know.
“Call me Mel, dear, you’re family now.” “Can we work our way up to that?”
Ah, that explained it, then.
   
   Mel set the tea to steeping — teabags weren’t something I’d ever seen in her home — and we stayed gathered around the island while we waited.
“You’re feeling better, dear?” Mel asked me.
   I nodded and Sam laid one hand over Mel’s on the counter — I raised an eyebrow at that, because it was a little unexpected given how awed she seemed of the older witch.
“Are you certain you’re okay?” Sam asked.
   Mel looked at her with a puzzled frown, then looked down at their hands. Sam quickly jerked her hand away and her eyes went wide, as though she hadn’t realized she’d touched Mel, but Mel reached out and took Sam’s hand, staring at her for a moment.
   “I’m fine, dear, but thank you. That’s going to be a real asset to Noah’s coven.”
“What is?” Sam asked.
“You don’t know? Look inside, dear.”
   Sam’s eyes went distant and impulsively I looked for her mana as well, even though I was sure she’d have her shields up. I could see her resonants even though her shields were in place due to the coven bond.
Sam’s eyes went wide. “Oh!” “What is it?” I asked.
   I noticed something else was different. There was a dim, line of manna from Sam to me and also from Sam to Mel.
   “I — I have an affinity,” Sam whispered, her eyes widening more and a slow smile creeping up her face.
“What is it?”
Sam shook her head. “I don’t know — I’m not trying to do anything.
But it feels … comfortable.”
   “It’s Harmony,” Mel said. “It’ll work best on your coven sisters and Noah — less so on someone whose shields are up or knows enough to resist it.”
“Harmony?”
   “It’s one of the passive workings,” Mel said. “Which is why you didn’t realize you were doing it. It comes from your Love resonant — it will help those close to you in conflict. Maybe even make them more willing to listen and work things out. I think most covens would like to have something like that available.”
   
   We all got a cup of tea and moved to the living room where Mel sat in her regular chair and Sam and I took the couch.
   “I have Felicity’s consent to tell you this,” Mel said, “so I’m not telling tales out of school — and she’s currently sulking behind the couch, so she’s free to object or correct me if she wishes. She is being a bit unreasonable.”
A muffled “pfft” sounded from behind me.
“I met Felicity in Salem,” Mel said, taking her first sip of tea. “Salem Salem?” I asked.
“Yes, dear, the Trials.”
   That would mean Felicity was over four hundred years old. I’d accepted such things about Mel, but Felicity, too?
   “She was orphaned a few years before the Trials,” Mel went on, “and taken in by another family — not witches, the Family coven structure wasn’t in use then, and another witch family wasn’t around to take her in. The family that did take her in … was not kind, even before the Trials. They had a daughter of their own, and when the Trials started, she accused Felicity of witchcraft. It was nonsense, of course, Felicity hadn’t even come into her power yet. She was held for trial for several months, and repeatedly questioned, before she escaped.”
   We learned about such questioning in Magistra Nightingale’s class and I had a sudden urge to wrap Felicity in a hug and reassure her that I’d never let anything like that happen to her again. I don’t know where the feeling came from, just that it was overwhelmingly strong — maybe because of all the times I’d been sad in foster care and she’d comforted me even as a cat.
   “How?” I asked. I knew it was probably a very personal question, but I hadn’t heard of anyone actually escaping the Salem Trials.
“By changing into a cat, of course,” Mel said.
   “But shape shifting takes a huge amount of power,” Sam said, “and she was still a teenager? Untrained?”
Mel nodded.
   “She came into her power in the dungeons — oh, the mundanes will say it was a simple jail, but once the questioning starts, it’s a dungeon. Her resonants are Fear and Despair, you see — not the most pleasant for a witch, especially not a witch with no one to explain it to her, more especially in a situation where they would be generating so much mana and reinforcing each other.”
   
   I shuddered, thinking about spending months in a cell being “questioned”, which was really a euphemism for tortured, and having to rely on the fear and despair I felt from that for the opportunity to escape. No wonder Felicity preferred to spend time as a cat.
   “Body magic isn’t normally an affinity that comes with either of those,” Mel went on, “but circumstances sometimes shape our magic. And our magic often shapes our selves.”
We were all silent for a few seconds before Mel went on.
   “I found her wandering the edges of the village,” Mel said. “And got her away from there before I went back to see who else I might be able to save.” She took a sip of her tea. “She’s been with me ever since — mostly as a cat.”
“Four hundred years?” I asked. Mel nodded. “Nearly that, yes.”
   Four hundred years … four hundred years without showing herself to anyone but Mel, and she’d picked me. And I couldn’t handle it. Well, I could have handled if she’d shown me the same day Mel had shown me that magic was real — then it would have just been one more amazing thing. Or before I’d started at Willowmere? Probably no issue then. But today it had been one more weird thing just when I thought I might be getting a handle on the weird things, coming on the heels of both my failure with Katrina and marking Sam, and I’d been overwhelmed for a moment. But a moment’s all it takes sometimes.
   “Let’s let Noah have some time to himself, dear,” Mel said to Sam. “Come, we’ll go down to my workroom and have a look at your new affinity. There are some tricks I can show you.”
Mel rose and made her way to the stairs; confident Sam would follow. I saw Sam was frozen, eyes wide.
“The Blackwood’s workroom?” she whispered.
“You’d better go,” I said, “she doesn’t like to be kept waiting.” “But … but, personal instruction from The Blackwood?”
I nodded. “You should get used to it, you’re family now.” Sam’s eyes got even wider.
“Go,” I whispered. “Eep!”
   Sam hurried to the stairs and I looked around the empty room before deciding I needed to at least try to talk to Felicity.
   
   I got up and slid a small table away from the side of the couch so I could have room to sit down next to the open space behind it.
   I took a quick look into the space, but couldn’t see Felicity and I didn’t think she’d appreciate having me shine a flashlight or something at her in there, so I sat with my back against the wall.
   “Hey, Felicity,” I said quietly. “I’m sorry I upset you. It was just a little bit of a shock and there was a lot of other stuff, not you, that’s built up, so I felt like I needed some space to think things out. I want you to know I’m not angry or upset with you and I never meant to hurt you.”
   I heard a rustling behind the couch, so I just kept talking — I’m not even sure what I said other than wanting to reassure Felicity that I cared for her and wasn’t angry. I talked about some of the memories I had of her coming to me as a cat. Especially the times I was upset and how much comfort I’d gotten from her. I wanted her to know that I appreciated what she’d done for me over the years.
After a bit of time, I slid my hand behind the couch.
   “It always made me feel better when you rubbed your face against me or I could pet you.”
   I felt a twinge of weirdness now, knowing that she was a person and not just a cat, but I kind of figured if she spent so much time as a cat, then maybe I should still treat her a little bit like one.
   “I know you’re upset, and I’m a little upset too still, so maybe it would make us both feel better … that is if you want a little neck scratch or maybe behind the ears?”
   I heard a faint, rumbling purr, and then a light pressure of fur against my hand. I stayed still until it became firmer and then moved my fingers to work them gently into her fur.
   “I really do care about you, Felicity — one of the things that bothered me the most about having to leave the foster home was knowing I’d probably never see you again. And now, knowing you’re a person, I’d hate losing you even more.”
   The purring grew louder and Felicity’s head filled my hand as she rubbed against my palm. I realized Sam had said something really important in the park that I hadn’t known before. She’d said Felicity loved me — I should’ve realized that, because she watched over me for years, to keep me safe, comfort me, and got me to Mel as soon as she thought it was safe.
   
“I love you too, you know. More now that I know you’re a person.”
   Felicity started rubbing her head farther up my arm as I lightly scratched the fur along her side, her purring was practically vibrating the couch now.
   “I mean, with Mel maybe being my many greats grandmother or whatever and you being with her for so long, it’s like we’re family too, right? Like you’re my aunt or some —”
“Mrowr!”
“Fuck!”
CHAPTER FIFTY

“WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER?”
   I wasn’t sure I deserved the accusatory tone in Sam’s voice, after all I was the one standing at the kitchen sink running water over an arm that looked like I’d shoved it into a garbage disposal.
   “Nothing! We were just talking — well, I was talking and she was purring and I was scratching her and then she suddenly went batshit!”
“Well, you must’ve said something.”
“Stop flinching,” Mel said, holding my arm under the water. “It hurts!”
   “And it will keep hurting,” Mel told me. “Until I’ve got these cuts cleaned and bandaged.”
“Will it get infected?”
Mel stopped cleaning my wounds and stared at me, face blank. “Are you suggesting Felicity doesn’t keep her claws clean?” “Um, no?”
   “Good. If there’s any infection it will be because you didn’t take care of your wounds.”
   “Can’t you just heal it?” I asked, thinking of how quickly the injured spellstick players had been healed.
“That depends.” “On what?”
“On what you did to Felicity. It’s possible you need to suffer a bit.” That didn’t sound at all fair.
“So, what did you say to her?” Sam demanded.
   
   “Nothing! Well, nothing bad. I was talking about all the times that her visits made me feel better, and how much I cared about her, even loved her
— and how if I was related to Mel and she’d been with Mel for so long, then it was like we were family too and she was like an aunt or —”
“You what?” Sam and Mel demanded together. “What?”
   Sam shook her head and walked into the other room while Mel roughly jerked my arm back under the water.
“Ow!”
   “Oh, Felicity, sister, I’m so sorry,” Sam was saying in the other room — far louder than she needed to be for Felicity to hear her, so she must’ve been intending her words half for me. “He really does know nothing, so he didn’t mean it. He’s just a stupid boy.”
AFTER MY ARM WAS BANDAGED, Mel got dinner in the oven, then made up one of her guest rooms for Sam.
   “The two of you may do as you will,” she said. “But I’ll be able to tell Judith Prescott truthfully that I provided you separate rooms.”
   Dinner was roast chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans sautéed with garlic and butter. Mel fixed a bowl for Felicity and set it on the table, but Felicity didn’t come out to get it.
   “I’ll leave it in the refrigerator,” Mel called toward the couch as she cleared the table after we’d eaten.
   Dessert was chocolate chip cookies with a scoop of ice cream — even the ice cream was freshly made. Mel had some kitchen appliance that could turn frozen pints of ingredients into a creamy texture.
   It was awkward to sit on the couch with our dessert — at least for me — knowing that Felicity was behind us.
   “Maybe Sam and I should stay in a hotel until school starts,” I suggested. “I feel bad that Felicity’s dinner is cold.”
“She knows how the microwave works,” Mel said, nibbling on a cookie. “Still —”
   “You’re still safest here until you can return to Willowmere. Even if you go out during the day, it’s best others have the reminder of where you live.
   
And whose protection you’re under.”
   We had started to watch a movie with the dessert, but I couldn’t get into it. My feelings were all a mess — I was feeling guilty about Felicity, and anxious to get Sam alone, even if I wasn’t entirely sure we’d have a repeat of last night.
   I mean, she’d said she was going to jump me six times a day and she was still being very touchy, but I was a guy and all. It’d been necessary for marking her and forming the coven, but maybe she saw that as a necessary evil, and would want that coven-schedule thing where the warlock only harvested mana from each witch in the coven once every two weeks.
If so, that was going to be … rough.
   I certainly wanted to do it more than once every two weeks — although, if our coven had been full, then I guess it wouldn’t be so bad with twelve other girls to cycle through. I still wasn’t used to the idea — and how would it even work if the girls also didn’t want to wait two weeks between sex? I figured Sam would be open to joining me and another girl, but would we have to judge potential coven members on whether they would be cool with that too? I knew I still wanted at least one witch in our coven that Sam could love and be loved by in return, maybe more than one.
   I got more and more nervous about things as the evening went on — maybe Sam would actually want the other room Mel had made up. She’d been very affectionate and touchy-feely all day, hardly ever leaving my side and always leaning against me or holding my hand, but would that really mean —
   Geez — things are already so complicated with one witch, what am I going to do with thirteen?
   Midway through the movie — some romantic comedy where everybody misunderstood everybody else — I decided it was time to go ahead and go to bed for the night. I could read, or study, or probably just lay there and stare at the ceiling.
   “I’m going to bed,” I said, standing. Sam had been leaning against me and had to sit up. “It’s been kind of a long day — I feel like getting some rest.”
“Me too,” Sam said, hopping up.
   “Have fun,” Mel said, running a finger along the inside of her bowl to get the last of her ice cream and sticking it in her mouth before pulling it out with a loud pop. “Don’t worry — the walls here are thick.”
   
   I flushed red and started to say something like we weren’t going to — but then stopped, because, one, I didn’t want Sam to think I didn’t want to; and, two, I really, really hoped we would.
   My hopes got stronger as Sam followed me into my bedroom, and then pretty certain as she closed the door firmly behind us and wrapped her arms around my neck to start a deep, passionate kiss.
   I would have been happy to just keep the kiss going and explore her body with my hands as we stood there, but Sam had other ideas — she shoved me toward the bed so hard that I stumbled and fell back.
   “Get your clothes off, Dominus,” she nearly snarled as she pulled her shirt over her head and began stripping off her jeans.
   I didn’t hesitate — I sat up on the bed and tried to catch up with her — but that did seem an awfully bossy thing to say to your dominus.
   I really hoped the walls were as thick as Mel thought they were, because I had a feeling we were going to be very loud.
SAM and I watched each other undress, then she strode toward me and shoved me back down on the bed so I was in roughly the same position as she had been the night before, except for my hands were free. She straddled me and stared into my eyes, then frowned — she looked down at my chest and sighed.
   “What’s wrong?” I asked. I wasn’t ripped or anything, but I thought I looked okay.
   She sighed again. “It’s just … maybe, when they start teaching us more body control, you could —”
   She raised her hands from my chest and cupped them a couple inches away from me, wiggling her eyebrows.
“I am not growing boobs for you,” I said firmly.
   Sam pouted. “I’m not talking, like, humongous things. Just … a little B-cup? No, As – I don’t want yours to be bigger than mine. Nobody else would even notice.”
“No.”
   She waggled her eyebrows again and cocked her head. “You could play with them whenever you wanted.”   
   I raised my own hands and cupped her breasts. “I’d rather play with yours whenever I want.”
Sam closed her eyes and threw her head back, pressing into my hands. “Point,” she moaned. “Very much point.”