“USUALLY EVERYONE’S BACK BY ONE,” Ava, one of the seniors, said. “But there was some drama and cops got called so things ended early. Everybody else made it back, though. We counted — everyone but Katrina and Hannah.”
   
   “Sometimes we miss a girl if we’re both glamouring someone back and they don’t want to wait for us in the park,” the other senior, Isabella said.
   “We found Hannah in her room, but we can’t find Katrina,” Ava went on. “The party’s done — the cops came and blocked the whole area off. Some frat guys got in a fight and nearly killed each other and the whole Cove is shut down now. They’ve got some of the kids who were at the party at the ranger station, but none from Willowmere.”
   “I snuck over there and looked for shields,” Isabella added. “Not a witch in sight — and we just got done searching the campus forest from the Grove to the park — nothing.”
“Did she say anything? Was she going to meet a guy? Anything?”
   I shook my head. “She asked if I wanted to get a beer and dance, but I told her we’d meet up later. I, uh, wanted to walk around alone first.”
“Shit.”
   “I’m worried,” Ava said. “If she was in the group the cops are questioning, Isabella would have seen her shields. Same if she was lost in the woods trying to find the Grove. Unless she was hiding, but why would she do that?”
“What if her shields were down?” I asked.
   “Why would they be down — we never take our shields down, even if it’s just mundanes around.”
   “What about drugs?” I asked, thinking of the four guys who’d attacked us. Could they have met up with Katrina first and done something to her?
   “We don’t do drugs,” Ava said. “Witches can get most effects we want just by altering our body chemistries. Why would we need drugs?”
“No,” I said, “what if somebody drugged her?”
   Ava shrugged. “Then she’d kill him. She’d know as soon as the drink touched her lips there was something in it.”
   “Even if she didn’t know enough magic to kill him,” Isabella said, “there were enough witches there to notice if she screamed or something.”
   “I think we need to talk to Magistra Blackwood and Prima Rosethorn,” I said.
CHAPTER FORTY

IT  WAS  NEARLY  TEN  IN  THE  MORNING  BEFORE  THEY  FOUND  KATRINA.
   Classes were canceled. The teachers and seniors did most of the searching off-campus, using glamour to keep themselves hidden from the police who were still hanging around. The rest of us were set to searching the on-campus part of the forest, gradually expanding the search from the path between the Grove and the State Park to include nearly the entire campus.
   Even the school’s announcement system sounded subdued when it recalled us all to return to our rooms. There was no official word on Katrina, just that she’d been found and we could stop searching, but the rumors were almost immediate that she was dead. We all figured the announcement would have said if they’d found her alive.
   When we got back to our room I just sat on the edge of my bed, arms on my knees and staring at the floor. Sam crawled into my bed and sat with her back to a corner and her knees drawn up to her chest, while Rachel curled up at the bed’s foot clutching one of my pillows.
   I guess all of us were seeking some kind of comfort and Rachel felt better with Sam and me than her roommate.
I wasn’t really seeking comfort — maybe absolution. “It’s my fault,” I muttered.
   “What? How is it your fault?” Sam leaned forward and laid a hand on my back.
“If I’d been with her, this wouldn’t have happened,” I said. “It’s not your fault.”
   
   “It is,” I said, becoming more and more convinced of it as time went on. “If I’d stayed with her…”
   Everything bad about last night came down to that one decision. Katrina’s death, Hannah being attacked and finding out about my Control resonant — everything. If I’d been with Katrina, she wouldn’t have been with whoever killed her. I wouldn’t have been on the beach feeling sorry for myself. Hannah wouldn’t have found me there. We wouldn’t have walked back through the concession stands and run into those bastards.
   Everything would have been fine, everyone would have been safe, now it was shit.
“You can’t know that,” Sam said.
   “I can. She just wanted to dance. Her roommate bailed on her and she asked me to dance with her, but I was too caught up in my own shit to spend a little time with her.”
Or maybe things would be just as shit.
   If I’d been with Katrina, would Hannah have been on the beach by herself? Maybe she would have taken the same path back to campus and been attacked alone, without anyone to help her. Maybe Hannah would be the one dead.
It was all too complicated.



I ENTERED Prima Rosethorn’s office to find her and Mel waiting for me in the sitting area.
   The Prima gestured for me to sit — the same chair I’d sat in to talk to Priscilla’s mom. I wished I could go back and have that conversation again instead of this one.
   “We need to ask you some questions about last night, dear,” Mel said. “I know it’s difficult, but we think you were the last person from Willowmere to see Katrina, before…”
   Yeah, “before.” People were avoiding saying what came after “before”, like it was some evil invocation.
   I nodded. “I understand — but I’m not sure what more I can say. We split up right after we got there and I didn’t see her again. I didn’t —” I
   
swallowed hard against the lump in my throat. “I didn’t even see where she went from the beer kegs.”
   “Anything could be helpful, Magellus Ashe,” Prima Rosethorn said. “Anything at all. Could you start from earlier in the evening — from the first time you saw Katrina yesterday?”
   I told them everything I could, starting with Katrina coming up to me in the forest on our way to the party. They scrutinized every word we’d said to each other, asking me to repeat things, to be sure of the words, to tell them about her tone. Everything.
“Did she say anything about meeting someone at the party?”
   I shook my head. “No, she seemed upset that her roommate wasn’t coming. She wanted to hang out with me.”
   The questioning went on and by time they were finished I was exhausted. I could tell from their expressions that nothing I’d said had been helpful.
“Tell us about what else you did at the party, Noah,” Mel said finally.
   I’d been staring at my feet the whole time, but that made me look up. I hadn’t had a chance to tell Mel about Hannah and I being attacked — once word got out that Katrina was missing, all the teachers, including Mel, had been busy and I hadn’t seen her. I wasn’t sure I wanted to tell her in front of Prima Rosethorne, but it didn’t seem like I had a choice — and the Prima would find out anyway. I just didn’t want to be there when she did.
   So, I described everything I’d done at the party, mostly talk to mundanes about boring things, until I got to the beach and Hannah.
   I took a deep breath. “We decided to head back to campus and the shortest route was between the concession buildings. Some guys attacked us there.”
   “What?” both asked. “You were attacked? Why didn’t you tell someone before this?”
   “Everything was so busy — I wanted to tell Mel, but once we told you Katrina was missing, I didn’t have a chance for anything else. The teachers were all searching the park and we were stuck on campus, then the recall came and we were supposed to go to our rooms.”
   “Did you not think someone attacking a witch at that party might have some bearing on Katrina’s disappearance?”
   I did. I almost hoped they had, because then I’d know who needed to be killed in some particularly unpleasant way.
   
   “I was going to, but … was Katrina … assaulted?” I couldn’t think of any way else to phrase it. “That’s what they tried to do to Hannah.”
   “Not in the way I think you mean,” Mel said. “Go on, tell us what happened.”
   I did. Including Hannah seeing me use Command on the four attackers, what they’d tried to do to her, even how she’d reacted to me after. Prima Rosethorn already knew about my resonants and affinities, so I wasn’t giving any of that away, and it felt good to tell someone. I hadn’t even had a chance to tell Sam yet, since Rachel had been in our room all morning.
   Both Mel and Prima Rosethorne were silent for a long time when I’d finished. I’d been pretty thorough, not leaving anything at all out.
   “While we do not condone the use of magic on mundanes,” Prima Rosethorn said, “nor the use of that affinity on anyone…” She sighed. “I cannot in good conscience fault you. Neither maintaining the Veil nor our ethics would force a witch to go undefended in the face of such things.”
   Mel leaned toward me and put a hand on my knee. “You did well, dear. Four attackers, even mundanes, is a lot for you to be faced with. Even Hannah, as a senior, couldn’t defend herself as well.”
I shrugged. Nothing about the night before felt like I’d done well.
   “She hates me now,” I mumbled, still trying to comprehend how I’d lost a good friend so quickly.
   “We’ll speak to Hannah, dear. If she didn’t come running to us immediately, then she likely won’t tell anyone before we have a chance to talk to her”
   I shrugged again. I didn’t say I was less concerned about her telling anyone than that one of my few friends here was now terrified of me.
   Mel laid a hand on my shoulder. “She’s known you for some months — that she didn’t rush to Prima Rosethorn immediately means she doesn’t truly think you’re a danger. It was likely just the shock of it coming right on the heels of being attacked that made her react so strongly.”
“I think that’s all for now,” Prima Rosethorn said. “It’s nearly lunchtime
— you should get something to eat.”


     
I’D SKIPPED BREAKFAST — most of us had as we were searching the forest for Katrina — and didn’t feel like eating still, but Sam and Rachel were waiting for me outside the Prima’s office.
   They didn’t even ask me what happened. Sam just took my arm and pressed close while Rachel took my other hand. The two girls steered me back across the quad to the residence building and toward the cafeteria.
   “You need to eat something,” Sam said before I even had the chance to object.
   With both of them deciding my direction, I didn’t bother to protest. The food didn’t look appetizing to me, but I took a little — some mac and cheese and a portion of fries. Good comfort food.
   The cafeteria was far less full than normal. There were even completely empty tables we passed on the way to the onesies table. It wasn’t until we were sitting that I noticed what else was different.
All the girls were staring at me again. And whispering.
   I’d gotten so used to it after I first came to Willowmere that I’d barely noticed when they’d gotten used to me and stopped. Now it was all back with a vengeance.
   Stares and whispers — and their faces were even more hostile now than when I’d first arrived.
   Had Hannah said something? Had the rumor mill already informed everyone that I had the feared Control resonant?
   Brittany approached us with her tray — Hannah wasn’t with her, which was pretty unusual. In fact, I didn’t see Hannah anywhere else in the cafeteria, so she was probably staying in her room. Even without the shock of finding out about my Control resonant, she probably wanted to rest and be alone after just the attack.
Brittany paused a few feet away until Sam caught sight of her. “What? Are you sitting?”
   “Um, yeah,” Brittany mumbled with a glance at me. She sat down and bowed her head over her tray.
Sam scanned the cafeteria. “What’s with everybody?”
“Somebody just died?” Rachel suggested.
   “Yeah, but —” Sam looked around, frowning. “Why are they looking at us like that?”
“They’re looking at Noah,” Brittany said, not looking up.
   
“Why?”
“Katrina was drained and they think Noah did it,” Brittany said quickly. “What?”
Brittany shrugged. “That’s what they’re saying.”
   “Who?” Sam asked, looking like she was ready to go do something unpleasant to whoever was named.
   Brittany shrugged again. “Everybody?” She glanced quickly at me, then down again. “The teachers haven’t said for sure she was drained, but that’s what everybody’s saying.”
   Leave it to the Willowmere rumor mill to start spreading things before the body was cold.
   “Why do they think Noah did it?” Rachel asked, then laid her hand on my arm, squeezing tightly. “He didn’t.”
   “There’re only two things that can drain a witch’s mana,” Brittany said. “A warlock or a vampire — and the vampires have left witches alone ever since the Hindenburg.”
“The blimp?” I asked.
   Rachel nodded. “There was a whole vampire clan in the cargo and ballast, trying to get out of Germany, with more ready to follow — the Council sent them a message.”
“Noah didn’t have anything to do with it,” Sam said.
   Brittany glanced up but wouldn’t meet my eyes. “I’m not saying it, they’re saying it.”
   I looked around the cafeteria again to find more than half the eyes on me with the rest very obviously not on me.
   “I’m going back to the room,” I said, rising. I didn’t want to deal with this shit right now.
   I’d liked Katrina. She was smart, funny, and from day one she’d treated me like a person, not a “feral” warlock. Sure, I didn’t know her well, just a few hours a week in potions class, but we’d talked there and I’d grown to like her a lot.
Now everyone thought I’d killed her.
Sam and Rachel rose a moment later, picking up their trays as well.
Brittany studied my face for a second longer, then stood too. “You guys don’t need to come,” I said. “Eat your lunch.” “We’re coming,” Sam said and Rachel nodded.
They both looked at Brittany who seemed more willing to meet my eye.
   
“I’m coming,” she said. “Nobody could look that upset if they did it.”

“SO,” Sam said as the door to our room closed behind Brittany who was the last in. I expected Rachel to come in with us, but was a little surprised at Brittany — especially since she was Hannah’s sister. “What are we going to do about it?”
“About what?” Brittany asked.
   “Convincing everyone that Noah had nothing to do with Katrina’s death.”
“Won’t the teachers do that?” Brittany asked.
“If they could, they would have done it by now.” “What do you mean?” I asked.
   I sat on my bed and Sam and Rachel joined me there, one on each side, and when I leaned back to lean against the wall, they both followed. The feel of their arms pressed against mine was comforting, and I’d have liked to put my arms around both of them. I knew Sam would be okay with it and I suspected Rachel would as well, but I didn’t want to weird Brittany out.
   “If they’d found anything with Katrina’s body that could prove who killed her, we’d have heard the Council was coming already.”
“The Council?” I asked.
“The Witches Council,” Rachel told me. “It’s like the government.” “More like the United Nations,” Sam said. “They pretend to be on the
same page, but everyone’s out for themselves.” “Oh.”
   “So, I think the fact that they haven’t called in the Council means they don’t know what did it — which means they can’t clear Noah that easily. Maybe they could question him under a truth potion — the Council would accept their oath on that.”
“Maybe I should go suggest it to Prima Rosethorn?” I said.
   Sam shook her head. “That’s, like, a last resort. Families have too many secrets — nobody really likes to use a truth potion.”
“Then how are we supposed to do anything?” Brittany asked.
   “The teachers are going to be trying to figure out who did it and prove that,” Sam said. “We just want to prove Noah didn’t. So, we might see
   
things differently than them.”
“Yeah, but how are we going to see anything?”
   “Well, first we need to see Katrina’s body,” Sam said, holding up a hand to stop their protests. “The first step is to prove what killed Katrina. If it was a vampire, then Noah’s in the clear, but if it was a warlock we have more work to do.”
“Wouldn’t the teachers be able to tell if it was a vampire?”
   Rachel shook her head. “A vampire bite isn’t always clear and a lot of them learn to disguise their bites even from witches”
That confused me.
   “Wait, wouldn’t a vampire attack be pretty obvious? I mean, if there’s no blood in the … body,” I finished, wincing at the thought of Katrina like that.
   “That’s not how vampires work.” Rachel shook her head. “They don’t drink blood — it’s more of a … filtering thing.”
“How’s that?”
   “Vampires feed off of mana, not blood. That’s why they prefer witches to mundanes, and why witches blew up that blimp to keep more of the creeps out of the country. What they do is their fangs first inject something that attracts mana to the blood, then they drain your blood with one fang while they filter out the mana and then put the blood back with the other fang. That’s how they get your mana into them. It’s the loss of mana that kills someone, not blood loss.”
“Oh.”
   “If we can find evidence it was a vampire,” Sam said, “then we’re done. If not, then we’re going to need to investigate more.” She frowned. “We’ll need Hannah.”
“Why?” I asked.
   I didn’t think it would be a good idea to ask Hannah to help me right now.
   “So, she can help us,” Sam said, then frowned. “We’ll need a way to get off campus and into the State Park, too.”
“Ava and Isabella will help with that,” Brittany said.
“The two seniors who cast the glamour last night?” I asked.
   “Yeah — they take their job of guiding us on and off campus safely pretty seriously. They’re pissed about what happened to Katrina — and they
   
have some ideas about what to do to whoever killed her once we catch him.”
   Sam nodded, as though everything was settled. “Okay, Rachel, you go get Isabella; Brittany, you get Ava; and Noah and I will go get Hannah. Meet back here and we’ll get started.”
