CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

I  CAUGHT  UP  WITH  RACHEL  OUTSIDE,  AND  WE  JOINED  THE  GROUPS  OF  GIRLS
heading toward the back of the administration building. “So, who’s trying out for what?” I asked.
   Rachel laughed — and I had to smile with her. Her own smile was lovely, and laughing made the corners of her eyes crinkle. She was really adorable.
   I noticed two girls ahead of us were carrying cases that were almost as long as they were tall, but really narrow and had a flared base. I stared at them for a moment, growing excited.
   “Do they have brooms in those cases?” I asked. Maybe, finally, I was going to see something that would be the way it should be at a magic school. Thoughts of a game that was played on flying brooms ran through my head. But Rachel only laughed louder. She stumbled and almost dropped her books.
“Brooms? No, no brooms.”
“Well, are they something cool at least?” Rachel shrugged. “We think it’s cool.”
   I saw she was having trouble with her stack of books. “Here let me carry some of those for you,” I said, reaching over and grabbing a few off the top of her stack.
   “Thanks,” Rachel said, the moment of laughter gone and she was staring at the ground again.
   We made our way between the administrative and classroom buildings into the field beyond. I’d never been back here, and was surprised to see a
   
little sports stadium. There were bleachers on either side, one end had a scoreboard, and both sides of the bleachers were rapidly filling with students and teachers as more and more came out of the dorms to join the line heading for the tryouts.
   Sam had been right about the staff coming as well, and I saw nearly every teacher I could recognize as we got closer. The teachers were all clustered around the side of the field, which was a little bit bigger than a football field.
   Even the cafeteria staff was there, manning booths, handing out the typical game day food.
   Rachel and I stopped at the burger stand, where we got burgers, fries, and soda, before heading into the bleachers.
   At least the bleachers weren’t too tall — just one level of them — so the onesies rule about sitting in the last row actually worked out well for this, as the top row gave an excellent view of the field.
   It looked like two teams of girls, one wearing blue jerseys and one wearing red jerseys, were warming up — doing stretches, and jogging around the field. I finally got to see what was in the cases … and it wasn’t broomsticks.
They were sticks with a little triangular net at one end.
   I’d seen them before and I frowned trying to think of what that sport was called.
“La Croix? Is that what this is called?” I asked. “You’re thinking of lacrosse, this is spellstick.” “Spellstick? What kind of name is spellstick?”
   Rachel glared at me. “Mundanes play a game called football with an egg that only gets kicked once in a while — we can play spellstick!”
   “Okay, okay — so what’s the difference between lacrosse and … spellstick.”
“You’ll see,” Rachel said.
   We sat down and started eating, so I reached over and stole one of Rachel’s fries just to see what she’d do.
“Hey! You got your own!”
“Yeah, but stolen fries are better,” I said stealing another one. “Hey!”
   She reached over and snagged one of mine, quickly popping it into her mouth.
   
“You’re right, they are better.”
   I looked over to find her smiling while looking at me, and gave her a smile back, but she immediately turned bright red and looked down at her feet again, which didn’t stop her from reaching over to steal another one of my fries.
   We ate our burgers while the warm-ups continued, stealing fries from each other and sharing quick smiles.
   The bleachers got crowded, but not really full — I guess if Willowmere had a team, then there must be other magic schools that did too, and for real games there’d be a home side and a visitor’s side. For the tryouts, everybody split up and had more room — or maybe the sides were for the red or blue teams and people were sitting on the one they supported.
   The teams lined up on the sidelines, and I noticed they’d set up nets on the field, about the size of a soccer net, which made me frown because I thought real lacrosse used a smaller net or something.
   “They’re getting ready,” Rachel said excitedly — probably the most excited I’d ever seen her.
   I didn’t get her excitement, though — I mean, how exciting could a bunch of girls running around chasing a ball with sticks be?
   The teams lined up on either side of the field, all looking toward the open end of the field opposite the scoreboard, and I saw that the bleachers and field perfectly framed a huge willow tree. Everybody in the stands stood up and Rachel hopped to her feet and motioned for me to stand as well. As soon as I did, the school’s weird magic speakers started playing music and the whole crowd started singing.

IN THE GROVES of ancient lore, where the willows weep and sigh, Stands our mighty Alma Mater beneath the moonlit sky.
With the Child’s faith and innocence, the Maiden’s charm and grace, The Mother’s strength and wisdom, the Crone’s all-knowing face.

RISE, rise, fair Willowmere, in shadows and in light,
In the Goddess’s four aspects, we will find our might.
Forward, onward, strike them down, with mana pure and clear, For the honor of the Goddess and our fair Willowmere!

“HOLY CRAP, YOU’VE GOT CHEERLEADERS?” I asked as the song
ended and a troop of short-skirted, sweater-wearing, pom-pom waving girls ran out of the crowd and began waving their pom-poms and screaming.
“Maiden! Mother! Child! Crone! “Kick their ass and send them home! “Gooooooo Willowmere!”
   The crowd went absolutely batshit, yelling, clapping, and stomping their feet until the bleachers shook. If they were this worked up over tryouts, I was a little afraid of what a real game would be like.
   The cheerleaders ran off the field and players ran out, taking up positions. One of the teachers in a referee shirt went to the middle of the field and tossed a ball the size of a softball onto the grass, then stepped back quickly and blew her whistle.
One player from each team started running for the ball.
   A blue player got the ball first, but a red girl was there in a moment and threw a shoulder into her chest — actually lifting her off the ground and flinging her backward a good ten feet.
“Oh, shit!” I exclaimed.
“Told you it was fun,” Rachel said.
“Yeah, but they’re not even wearing pads!”
“Pads are for pussies,” Rachel muttered, staring intently at the field.
   I looked over at her, my eyes wide with surprise, and she flushed bright red, but never took her eyes off the field.
   The red player had the ball in her net and was running toward the opposite goal, but angling toward the side of the field. Blue players were converging on her, and other red players were moving into position. I figured it would be like hockey or basketball with a couple of passes, then in for goal.
I was pretty wrong.
   The red player with the ball must have found the line she liked, because she wound up with her stick and flung the ball at the blue net. I thought that was going to be it, because the net was the size of a soccer goal but the ball was so much smaller. I didn’t think the goalie would have a chance … which she didn’t, but not for the reason I thought.
The ball moved faster than it had any right to — there was a loud crack
and I lost sight of it for a second. The blue goalie was moving around in
   
front of the goal, which was unnecessary because the ball turned into a fiery streak that dissipated into ash before it got close.
A whistle blew.
   “Penalty red,” the referee called out, her voice echoing through the stands. Even though I didn’t see any speakers. “Damage to the ball.”
   “Tone it down, Belinda!” Rachel screamed, then turned redder and looked down at her feet — but just for a second because she quickly raised her eyes and stared intently at the field again.
   It was hard, but I kept myself from laughing at how intense the normally shy and reserved girl had become on the game.
   The referee had a new ball in hand and this time, instead of placing it on the ground at midfield, she tossed it toward a blue player who caught it in her net.
   The blue player started running toward the red net and quickly accelerated to a speed I thought no human could possibly attain.
   None of the red players were in a position to stop her, but just as I thought she had a clear line for the goal, one of the red players waved a hand and a wall of fire erupted in the blue girl’s path.
“Holy shit!” I yelled.
“Yeah! Fry her ass!” Rachel screamed.
   I thought that might be what actually happened, as the blue player was going too fast to avoid the firewall, and she didn’t even try to. Instead, she leapt into the air, twisted, and flung the ball from her net toward a teammate. Before she got to the firewall, I saw another blue player wave a hand at her and she went through the wall of fire, coming out the other side in a cloud of steam.
   She emerged from the steam in a huge bubble of water, hit the ground rolling, and tumbled a few times before jumping to her feet soaking wet. The blue player who got the ball was already angling toward the other side of the field, but there were more red players there.
   Two of them converged on the girl with the ball, who wasn’t as fast as the last one, and swung their sticks. One hit the blue player’s stick with a kind of twisting motion that popped the ball right out of the net. The other one, while still running, swung her stick like a lumberjack at the blue girl’s legs.
   “What the fuck?” I exclaimed as a loud crack echoed through the stadium and the red girl’s stick, as well as the blue player’s leg, cracked and
   
bent at odd angles where they shouldn’t have. “That should be a penalty,” Rachel muttered.
“No, shit, it should be a penalty — she broke the girl’s leg!”
Rachel glanced over at me. “Not the leg — the defense was offsides.”
   I stared at her for a moment. “What? You can just break another player’s leg?”
   Rachel’s attention was back on the field as the ball, after being tossed out of the girl with the broken leg’s net, was rolling free on the turf.
Rachel shrugged. “She’ll get better.”
   A red player got to the ball first, scooped it up, and tossed it to a teammate before a blue player ran into her and the impact slung her a good thirty feet before she hit the ground and rolled.
“Ooo, Strength affinity,” Rachel said. “We need that on the team.”
   Now the girl with the ball was running, but as she did, pillars of earth erupted from the field around her — she dodged through them getting closer and closer to the goal. At first, I thought the pillars of dirt, which erupted and then fell back to the ground, leaving no trace, were an attack by the blue players, but then I noticed that they were always between the girl with the ball and someone on the opposing team. It looked like she might be doing it to block the other team from seeing her or getting close to her.
   Closer to the goal, she twirled her stick and flung the ball at the net — in a normal sort of throw that a real person might make, not some kind of sound barrier breaking freak.
   The ball headed toward the upper corner of the net, and I didn’t think there’d be a way for the goalkeeper to get to it, but she waved a hand and a wall of ice rose from the ground. The ball bounced off, and there were cheers from the other set of bleachers.
   “Review!” Rachel screamed. She jumped to her feet, waving her arms and screamed again, “Review!”
   The call got taken up by other girls on our side, and I could hear boos from the other bleachers.
   The referee’s whistle blew, and her voice echoed across the field again. “Challenge, red team,” she called. “The play is under review.”
   The ice wall disappeared, but then I had to blink as glowing images of all the players appeared on the field and started moving around as they had before the whistle. A ghostly image of the girl with the ball, running through translucent pillars of dirt, made its way toward the goal. She threw
   
the glowing image of the ball, and then the … replay stopped as the ball neared the lines marked in front of the goal. The referee walked over to the goal and squinted along the line, then twirled a finger. All the ghostly figures slowly moved forward as an image of the wall of ice started slowly creeping up from the ground in front of the goal.
The referee twirled her fingers back, then forward again.
   The images rose again, and the referee kept looking at the ball from several angles.
   She twirled her fingers and the image of the ball moved forward and then back and forward and back again as the wall of ice grew and retreated.
   More screams erected from our bleachers, but I couldn’t tell what anyone was yelling except Rachel, who kept yelling, “Penalty shot!” Over and over again.
There were boos, louder than before, from the blue bleachers.
   The referee walked back to the center of the field and started talking over whatever the announcement system was, her voice echoing through the stadium.
“Upon review, the ball had not crossed —”
   I could barely hear the referee, even with her voice amplified, over the sudden cheers from our bleachers and the boos from the blue bleachers.
“— the six-yard box before the defensive block. Penalty, blue team!
Penalty shot!”
“Yeah!” Rachel screamed, jumping up and down. “What the actual fuck?” I asked.
   Rachel looked at me, eyes wide and bright, and a grin splitting her face from ear-to-ear.
   “The goaltender can’t use defensive magic until the ball gets within six yards of the goal,” she said.
   “You can break a girl’s leg, but you can’t cast a spell until the ball moves someplace?” I asked, bewildered.
   Rachel shrugged. “It was just a shinbone,” she said, “it’s not like she got her skull cracked. She’ll be fine by the time the period’s over.” She pointed toward the sideline on the other side of the field. “See? She’s already up and around.”
   I looked where she pointed, and saw the girl with a broken leg standing and hobbling around as though testing her leg with a teacher nearby.
“This is bizarre.”
   
   “This is fucking spellstick!” Rachel yelled, going back to cheering as the red team took their penalty shot and had it blocked again by the blue goalie’s ice wall.
   The game went on like that for another forty minutes, with spells being thrown around that, frankly, terrified me. Even for me, having made a dude bash his head against a brick wall, these girls were fucking brutal. At least seven of them had to be carried off the field over the course of the game, and all seven came back to play just as hard.
   In the end, red managed to score one goal, when the girl who’d first taken a shot and vaporized the ball — I think her name was Belinda — managed another shot that blasted straight through the blue goaltender’s wall of ice, the back of the net, and hit one of the posts holding up the scoreboard with a loud clang.
But because the ball was still in one piece, that was legal.
   The blue team didn’t manage to score a point, but did manage to send more red players off the field than red did blue — and judging from the reactions of the crowd, that was at least as important as scoring a goal.
   The game ended in both sets of bleachers cheering while the girls who had just been, as nearly as I could tell, trying to kill each other, lined up to shake hands in the middle of the field.
   As we stood up with the others to exit the bleachers, Rachel glanced over at me. She was hanging her head again and wouldn’t meet my gaze.
“What did you think?” she asked, quietly.
   “That was the most brutal thing I’ve ever seen — I’ve seen MMA fights with less blood.”
   “I know,” Rachel said, grinning. “Wasn’t it great? With the new players from this game, I think we’re going to have a great team this year.” She hopped up and down as she walked. “I can’t wait until third-year when I can try out!”
“You want to play?” “Hell, yeah.”
   I had trouble imagining Rachel playing such a violent game — at least the Rachel I knew from classes and hanging out. The Rachel I’d just seen at the game could probably take down a whole team on her own.
 I walked Rachel back to her room so I could help with her books, moving along slowly with the huge crowd all trying to get back to the dorms. The whole way from the sports field she talked nonstop about
   
spellstick. How the Willowmere team had done last year — and the year before that — and before that. Rattling off statistics, win-loss records, who was the best player each year, everything, but as we got closer to the dorms she quieted until she was back to her usual, shy self.
   “Thanks for watching the game with me,” Rachel said quietly, as we neared her door.
   “Anytime, it was fun — brutal and terrifying, but fun. I’ll have to learn the rules so I know what the hell’s going on next time.”
   Rachel entered her room and started to close the door, but stopped, with only her head poking around the door’s edge at me.
   “I, um, my Family, that is, has a box for the Banshees — that’s the Boston team,” Rachel said so quietly I could barely hear her. “Would you, um, maybe like to see a pro game, once the season starts?”
“Yeah, I’d really like to see another game … with you,” I said.
   Rachel’s eyes widened as she stared at me. Then she looked away. “Um, okay, I’ll get the schedule, and we’ll figure out what game we can make it to, then I’ll let my mom know.”
“Great, it’s a date,” I said, grinning.
   Rachel’s eyes grew wider and she slammed the door shut with a startled, “Eep!”