CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

“HEY, GUYS, LOOK AT THIS!”
   Rachel was more excited than I’d ever seen her outside of a spellstick game and as she set her breakfast down and sat next to me, I could swear there was even heat radiating off the girl.
She ignored her breakfast and waved a piece of paper at us. “What is it?” Sam asked.
   “Yeah,” Brittany agreed. “We can’t see it with you waving it around like that.”
   “Look!” Rachel cried loudly enough for girls at nearby tables to look over. “Look! Look! Look!”
She slammed the paper down on the table. We all leaned over to get a look.
Invitation Only Spellstick Tryouts
The top read in big, bold letters, then:
   Congratulations! You have been selected to try out for the Willowmere Junior Wyverns. Try outs are one day only, Saturday, September 28th, during the scheduled Wyverns practice. Come prepared with stick and spells!
   “What’s Junior Wyverns?” Hannah asked. “I’ve never heard of that before.”
“It says!” Rachel said, bouncing up and down. “Right here!” She pointed to a paragraph at the bottom of the page.
   The Willowmere Junior Wyverns will be a select group of players from the lower grades. You will practice with the team, travel with the team to

games, and act as the Wyvern’s practice squad.
“Oh, wow,” Brittany said.
   “I know, right?” Rachel cried, bouncing up and down. “Practice squad? That means we’ll really get to play the team — not all out or anything, but almost like real games!”
“When’s practice?”
“This afternoon! I can’t wait!”
Sam sniffed and looked around, frowning.
   “Did one of you turn your curling iron up too high? I smell burning hair.”
   “Eep!” Rachel hopped up and grabbed the paper before running off. “I need to go … practice for the tryouts! Yeah, practice!”
“She didn’t even eat her breakfast,” Brittany said.
   Sam shrugged. “Probably too excited. Are you sure you didn’t smell that?”
   “Maybe you’re having a stroke?” Hannah offered. “Isn’t that a sign of a stroke?”
“I thought that was when you smell burning toast,” I said.
   “Maybe it’s Rachel’s toast?” Brittany suggested, pointing at the other girl’s abandoned tray.
Sam sniffed. “I don’t think so.” She shrugged. “It’s gone now.”
   Brittany put a tentative finger on Rachel’s plate. “So if it’s not stinky, does anyone else want some?”
We all shrugged and Brittany pulled Rachel’s plate over next to hers. “You know you can go get more food if you want, right?” Hannah asked
her sister.
   Brittany	shrugged.	“That	would	be	greedy	—	this	is	not	being wasteful.”
   “What are you guys doing today?” Sam asked. “Other than watch Rachel try out for the team?”
“We’re going to tryouts?” Hannah asked.
“Of course we are,” Brittany said around a mouthful of Rachel’s eggs. I nodded. “I know I am.”
   Hannah shrugged. “Okay. I’m not much into spellstick, but I’ll come cheer her on — she was so excited.”
   “Yeah,” Brittany said. “Let’s get a whole cheering section.” She glanced down at the other onsies at the far end of the table. “I’ll go talk to them —
   
since they still think Noah’s going to eat them or something.”
   “I know some seniors who don’t usually go to games,” Hannah said, “but I think they’ll come if I say how excited Rachel is about it — they like a good underdog story.”
   “Yeah,” Sam said, “I think I could get a few girls from my Potions class to come — they’re always asking me for help, so they can pay me back today.”
The girls turned to look at me and I shrugged. “I only know you guys.” “Aw,” Sam said, making tiny-violin finger motions.
   I laughed — yeah, I didn’t have a lot of friends at Willowmere, but I thought I had some good ones and that’s better than quantity.
“You guys are all I need,” I said.
“Nah,” Hannah said, “you need nine more.”
   Brittany and Sam froze, staring at her, but it took me a minute. The five of us — the four of them — and nine more would be thirteen witches. A full coven.
   Hannah’s eyes were wide and I could see a red line slowly rise up from her cleavage to turn her face bright red.
“I meant … that was a joke … right? I didn’t mean…” “I think someone’s got the warlock-wants,” Sam said.
   “Yeah, sis,” Brittany said. “Are you finally over that mundane guy from last year and ready to settle down?”
   Whatever that was about, it sent Hannah’s face from bright red to bloodless white.
   “I need to do homework,” she said, standing and leaving her tray behind to hurry out of the cafeteria.
Brittany sighed. “I shouldn’t have said that.” “What’s that about?” Sam asked.
   “She had some fun thing going with a mundane last year, then something happened and she got all moody about it — I thought she was over it, but I guess not.” She stood up. “I should go apologize.”
I looked at the three abandoned trays with half-eaten meals.
   “Don’t you run off,” I told Samantha, “I’m not cleaning all this up by myself.”
   Sam laughed. “Okay, but then I’m going to round up some support for Rachel. What are you doing?”
I grimaced. “I have reading to do for Rituals.”
   
   Sam laughed as we got up and started loading everybody’s trays onto our own.
“Try not to get too worked up.”
   I liked Rituals, I really did. It was the big magic, like setting the wards around a whole building or calling on the Goddess for favor in some endeavor or even just asking Her to make Her will clear so the coven could please Her. It was cool. I enjoyed reading the Rituals textbook.
Except that it had pictures.
   Apparently, all the rituals had very specific places for the witches to stand and stances they had to take for the ritual to work. Like raising the chalice exactly right or being at cardinal points around the altar and stuff.
So there were pictures.
And apparently clothing was optional at a lot of rituals.
My college textbook had more skin in it than most porn magazines. “Too late,” Sam said, staring at my crotch.
   I set my tray down and quickly turned my back on the cafeteria, trying to think about Potions recipes — there was nothing that could turn me off quicker than Potions class, even if Katrina was really cute and our flirting had…
Damn it!
   I tried thoughts of baseball, but that just made me think of spellstick because it was a better game and thoughts of spellstick were all about super-hot witches in what was effectively combat — my reaction was probably perverse, but years of Xena reruns had messed me up, I think.
Sam patted my arm.
“My work here is done — almost time for the next essence addition.
Cup’s on the bathroom counter.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

I  WASN’T  COMPLETELY  BRAIN  DEAD  AND  HAD  THE  ABILITY  TO  THINK  A
little bit, so I asked Sam if I could borrow her phone again, which she agreed to. She usually left it in the room and she’d given me the passcode.
   “What are you going to find?” she’d asked when I’d been surprised at that. “My secret girlfriend?” She’d frowned. “Let me know if you do — I could really use a secret girlfriend.”
   So I went back to the room and took my Rituals textbook into the bathroom for a few minutes, then got Sam’s phone. I opened the window a little more, because Sam’s potion was coming along and the smell hadn’t improved at all.
   I leaned back against my pillows and called Morgan — I was trying to stay in touch more. We could have emailed, I suppose, but Alex and Karen only had one computer and it was right in the middle of the living room, so no privacy at all and they limited its use to mostly school stuff anyway.
Besides, Morgan and I had always talked and it felt weird to type at her. “Hello?”
   “Hi, Gabriel, it’s Morgan’s friend, Noah Ashe. The one she told you last time to give her the fucking phone or she’d set you on fire in your sleep?”
“No need to get pissy with me.”
   I smiled to keep my tone light, even though I was wondering if Sam knew a potion to make this dude’s dick shrivel up like last Halloween’s Twizzler.
   “No pissiness from me, Gabriel. I’m just reminding you — I know Morgan can be a little testy at times.”
   
“Yeah, it seems like that little bitch is always on the rag or something.” “Ha! Ha, ha! Very funny. Too true.”
   Dude, I am going to stuff your Twizzler in a rat’s cage one day. The big ones from the subway that carry knives and whole pizza slices around.
“So is Morgan home?”
   “Yeah, yeah. Hey, Morgan! Call!” He came back on the line and his voice was a lot friendlier than I’d ever heard it. “Hey, so I heard you left right before I came here?”
“Yeah.”
“Where are you at now? Things working out for you?”
   What the fuck was this? Were we buddies now or something? This guy was just bizarre.
   “I’m doing okay,” I said, not wanting to piss him off again, since he was acting as gatekeeper between me and Morgan. Maybe once Morgan was out of there, I could track the little shit down. Maybe take Rachel and let her use his head for a spellstick ball or something.
“Still in town?”
“Um, no, not exactly.” “Yeah? Where at?” Then Morgan arrived.
“Thank you for not being a dick, Gabriel, now give me the phone.” I heard shuffling and a door closing.
“Noah?”
“Yeah, it’s me. Things okay?”
That had become my standard opening. “Yeah — I just can’t wait to get out of here.” “I know. A few more months.”
Morgan sighed. “So how are things with you?”
I spent a few minutes catching Morgan up on events since our last call
— what I could, at least. I ended with how excited Rachel was for the chance to get on the spellstick team — changed to lacrosse, of course — and how the other girls were going to put together a cheering section for her.
   “That’s really nice of them.” She was quiet for a minute. “Um, Noah, do you know any guys there?”
“What?” I managed to get out before my throat constricted.
   
   Shit, I hadn’t even thought of that — even sanitized of magic, I’d been telling Morgan about my life not even thinking that I hadn’t seen a dude in person for weeks.
   “It’s just that all you ever talk about are these girls. I’m not complaining, they sound nice and everything, but what are you doing up there, putting together your own harem?”
   I choked, coughing to get a little air. “What? No! No harem! Why would you ask that?”
   “Geez, I was kidding, but if you’re going to have a seizure over it, maybe there’s something to it. So what’s the deal? Are all the guys fraternity assholes or something?”
“I just … don’t have a lot in common with the guys here.”
   I existed, the guys at Willowmere … didn’t. That’s a big hurdle to overcome in getting to know someone.
“Okay, it’s just a little weird, don’t you think?” “My friends are weird? What about your friends?”
   Morgan was quiet for a minute, then she sighed. “I don’t have any friends other than you.”
“So who’s got the weirder friends?” Another sigh. “I do.”
I laughed and Morgan joined in a second later.
   “Did you spend the last three calls only talking about girls just so you could make fun of me for not having friends?”
“Would I do that?”
“Yes, you fucking would, you asshole.”
I laughed again. “Well, I didn’t — it was just a happy coincidence.”
   Morgan’s suspicions successfully redirected, we spent a good hour talking. Mostly about kids we both knew from school and the other fosters at Alex and Karen’s — stories about the new guy, Gabriel, were conspicuously absent.
Soon, it was a little after twelve.
   “Hey, I need to go,” I said at a break in the conversation. “Rachel’s tryouts are in an hour and half — I should get some lunch and head over there.”
“Oh, yeah, can’t keep your harem waiting?” “It’s not like —”
“Do you make them wear those little I Dream of Jeannie pants?”   
   “I — I —” I honestly couldn’t come up with anything to say, since my head was filled with images.
   “You’re thinking about it!” Morgan laughed. “Good luck getting that look off your face before you see them all!”