Like so much of the witches’ world, nothing was hard and fast, only driven by intent.
   I knew I needed to drain Sam’s mana almost completely, and that scared me a little, especially after what something had done to Katrina. I needed to drain her so much that she couldn’t resist the marking, but not so much that it hurt her. Again, the only thing I’d been able to learn, was that warlocks were supposed to instinctively recognize the limit.
   I started pulling on Sam’s mana through our connected resonants, getting a trickle at first from Lust and Pain, but nothing from Love, of course. I could tell how much more satisfying all three would be.
   The mana coming to me increased as I pulled harder, turning from the pink and red Sam stored to the bright yellow of refined mana as it entered me and filled my own stores.
   I kept up the physical act while increasing what I drew magically until I felt resistance to what I was taking. It became like sucking on a straw in a too-thick milkshake. I was pulling and pulling harder and harder, but nothing was coming through.
   I worried about pulling too hard and hurting Sam, so I eased off on the pressure.
   
   “Don’t stop!” Sam yelled as I thrust into her again. “I can’t … not fight it … take it! Take me!”
   Yeah, everything I knew said marking, even voluntary, was a struggle between the witch and the warlock for supremacy. Her body was fighting me, instinctively, and at any moment she could start trying to draw my power from me.
I snarled at the thought.
No fucking way. She was mine!
   The intensity of that feeling surprised me, but I used it to overcome my reluctance and pulled hard against her resonants.
   Sam screamed — truly screamed, and I almost stopped again, but this was normal. The marking between witch and warlock was a contest of wills where each tried to rip the others power from them. Even when it was consensual, like this, our instincts were to resist and then try to control the other. After the first time, once the connection was made, it wouldn’t hurt at all, but the first time would be painful for whoever was losing the contest.
   I felt Sam resist and pulled harder, sucking mana from her into myself. The sensation for me wasn’t painful, in fact it was quite pleasurable, I just felt guilty at what Sam was feeling, because now her Pain resonance was filling without the sort of pleasure I’d seen before.
   I kept pulling harder and harder until her resonants were almost empty, then pulled more, sucking in every bit of mana she continued to generate.
   Sam’s screams had stopped some time ago, and she lay still, almost lifeless, beneath me.
   That was when I knew it was time and I started pushing that mana back into her. The refined, trebled mana that filled my own resonants.
   That changed what Sam was feeling and her eyes flew open — she should now be feeling what I’d felt when I took the mana — like three simultaneous orgasms, as mana flowed out of me into her.
   Now was when I had to figure out how I, as a warlock, would mark my coven — apparently it was supposed to just come to me, but the examples were like a touch or a kiss or something physical that would place my mark on her. The witches mark those bastards in the Inquisition used to check for. I suddenly realized Sam and I hadn’t discussed where I would put that mark, and I thought, since I was going to be adding a mark to her body, she
might want to have some say in it.
   
   “Where…” I gasped, the sensation of flooding mana back into Sam and my continued thrusting into her had me out of breath. “Where … should I mark?”
“Anywhere! I don’t care!” Sam threw her head back, eyes closed. “Oh,
Goddess, it’s too much — I’m going to —”
   Sam’s pussy clenched around me and I knew I needed to do it now. Her resonants were already full and stretching with the mana I’d taken from her and trebled. They wouldn’t hold much more, and with her orgasm tightening her pussy around my cock, that wasn’t going to last too much longer either.
   I moved without really thinking about it — the decision to mark her now driven by some instinct, and I lowered my face to the top of her left breast and bit.
   I don’t know why I bit, I just knew it felt right, and I added mana to the bite with the intent to mark her as mine.
   Sam screamed again — the good kind — and the walls of her pussy clenched so tight around me that I had to force my way back in with each stroke. That set me off and if my mouth hadn’t been latched on to the upper globe of Sam’s breast, I would’ve screamed too as I came, pumping stream after stream of my seed into her with every thrust.



I PANTED, coming back to myself from wherever the most intense orgasm of my life had taken me.
   My jaw ached as I raised my head up and unclenched my teeth from Sam’s flesh — I licked my lips and tasted blood.
Oh, shit.
   I quickly raised my head and looked at Sam’s breast, seeing that I had, indeed, broken the skin a little, but before I could apologize, I saw it quickly heal and the indentations of my teeth filled and darkened to form two curves of delicate, brown moles in the shape of my bite.
“Cool,” I said.
“You … had to … do it … there?” Sam panted. “You said you didn’t care.”
“That’s going to show every time I wear a bikini.”
   
   “Good, then everyone will see that you’re mine,” I said … and realized what I’d said. “I don’t know where that came from,” I added even as a thrill of possession swept through me and my cock twitched inside her.
   “You saying that should not have turned me on as much as it just did,” Sam chuckled.
   I groaned as I got my elbows under me and raised myself off her to look at her face — she still had her eyes closed and the corners of her lips dimpled in a smile. Strands of sweat-damp hair covered her face.
   “Let’s rest a bit before we start talking about turning each other on again,” I said, pushing myself farther up.
   Moving made me aware of just how awkward a physical position we were in now, with Sam’s butt at the edge of the bed, her feet on the floor, and me half collapsed on top of her. I was still inside her, but was starting to slip out as my knees weakened.
   I was reminded of a line from a comedian I’d once seen: sex is just a dirty, sweaty, sticky mess … when it’s done right.
   We’d done it right, I guess, because we were all of those things — Sam’s hair was wet with sweat and I was sure mine was as well, our bodies were sticking together wherever we touched, and I could feel things dripping from where I was still inside her.
   I got my feet under me and managed to stand — Sam pouted and whined as I slid out of her.
   “Let’s get more comfortable,” I said, climbing up on the bed, pulling out the pillows to stack them, and then leaning back against the pile with a long exhalation.
   I looked at Sam who was still laying there like she wasn’t ready to move yet, her arms stretched above her and her legs hanging off the bed.
“Um, Noah?”
“Yeah?”
“Can I move my arms now?”
   “What do you mean?” Sure, I told her to keep her hands there, and it had been kind of hot, but we were done, at least for the moment.
“I can’t move my hands from where they are.” “Why not?”
“Because you told me not to.”
   I laughed. “It was kind of hot that you kept them there, but we’re done for now.”
   
“No, I mean I can’t move my arms because you told me not to.”
   “What — fuck!” Had I? I must’ve unknowingly used Command when I’d told her that. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to do that, I didn’t real —”
“Noah!”
“What —”
“Tell me I can move my hands again.”
   “Fuck.” I concentrated and tried to use just a little of my affinity with Command to undo what I’d said earlier. “You can move your hands however you want now.”
   Sam sighed and tension I hadn’t seen went out of her shoulders as she brought her arms from over her head and onto her belly.
“Sam, I am so —”
“Hush! You’re harshing my afterglow.” “But —”
“Sshh! Cuddle time.”
   I shut up, but I felt awful — I needed to practice Control more, because I never wanted to use that on anyone, especially anyone I cared about.
   Sam rolled onto her stomach and dragged herself up the bed to lay beside me. She pressed her body along mine, flung one leg over my thighs, and rested her head and left hand on my chest and stomach. My arm went around her naturally, fingers spread from her tailbone to her side.
“I didn’t tell you when it happened, because I knew you’d react this way
— all guilty and apologizing — and we were … in the middle of something.”
“But —”
   “Sshh!” She poked me in the stomach. “Listen to me, it’s okay. I was a little scared when I realized what happened, but that only lasted a second and then I remembered how much I trust you. I knew that if I said something you’d let me go — but also get all weird, so I didn’t say anything. That was my choice.”
I was silent for a moment, trying to think of what to say. Sam snuggled closer to me. “Besides, it was hot.”
I froze. “What?”
Sam took a deep breath.
“It was hot — and it helped me get past the thing.” “Thing?”
“You know,” she waved her fingers at my crotch. “The thing.”
   
“Is that what we’re calling it?” “Yes,” Sam said, “in fact —”
   She reached down and very carefully with the tips of thumb and forefinger, touching my dick as little as possible, she bent it from where it lay flat on my stomach and tucked it between my legs.
“Close your legs?”
I laughed, complying.
   “Better,” Sam said, settling her face back on my chest. “Yeah, I was really nervous about having sex with a guy, more than just doing it for the first time at all, and it was sort of like not being able to move meant I … couldn’t do anything about it, so it wasn’t my fault.” She slapped my stomach. “Stop that!”
“What?”
   “Feeling guilty and thinking I regret anything we did tonight — you might not generate much mana, but I can see exactly what you’re feeling.” She took a deep breath. “Before we started, I was worried about how it would feel having sex with a guy — now I know how I feel about getting fucked into oblivion by my Noah, my warlock. And that’s fantastic because they’re two different things. Do you get that?”
   I thought I understood what she meant, so I tried to keep the doubts out of my head.
“Your Noah?”
   “Yeah — my Noah, my warlock — you’re as much mine as I am yours now, buddy, and don’t forget it.”
I smiled at that.
“Okay. So, um, you … thought it was hot?”
She turned her head to bury her face in my chest. “Yeah.”
“Good to know.”
I felt her smile, but it still bothered me a little.
   “You’re not even a little weirded out that I can do something like that? I am.”
   Sam propped herself up and turned so she could look at me, her brow furrowed.
   “What do you think marking a witch for your coven does? Do you really not know how much control that gives you over us, even without your double-special Command thingie?”
   
   “Well, I figured it meant being head of the coven — like you said the high priestess is head of the coven if she marks the warlock, right?”
   “Noah, in the Family covens the high priestess controls the warlock and through him the other witches of the coven. For you, if you don’t let a high priestess mark you and you mark her instead, then you control everyone.”
   “Right, so head of the coven. I get that. What does that have to do with my Command affinity?”
   “Witches aren’t afraid of Command because of what it does inside of a coven — they’re afraid of it because you could use it to control witches who aren’t in your coven. You don’t need it for what’s already yours.”
   I still wasn’t getting it and Sam must have seen that confusion on my face.
   “Noah, a witch you’ve marked into your coven can’t disobey you. It’s inherent to the coven bond — just as if the high priestess is in control, neither the witches nor the warlock can disobey her.”
“What do you mean?”
   Sam took a deep breath. “I should’ve realized you didn’t know this about how covens work — after all, you know nothing.” She licked her lips. “We, both witches and warlocks, are compelled to obey whoever marks us.” She reached out and laid her hand on my cheek. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you didn’t understand that. There are limits and intent has a lot to do with it
— the coven bond can kind of tell if you’re saying ‘hey, would you get me a beer’ or ‘go get me a beer, obedient wench’, and if we don’t like something you tell us to do it doesn’t change how we feel, we still don’t like it — we can tell you that, we can argue with you or complain, but if you insist —” she shrugged. “— we have to do it.”
   Shit, I hadn’t known that and I should’ve done the research to really understand what this meant before I’d agreed to do it — but there was so damn much I didn’t know about witches. It didn’t help that the idea of having that sort of control over someone made my stomach tighten with pleasure and anticipation. Maybe there was something wrong with me, but I liked the idea at the same time as I was very nearly horrified by it.
   “Stop overthinking it,” Sam said. “It’s a physical compulsion, not mental or emotional.”
“I don’t know if that makes it any better.”
   “Hmph. Let me think of a good example.” Sam was silent for a few seconds while I tried to adjust to the idea. “Look, a particularly unpleasant
   
warlock could use the bond to tell one of his witches to give him a blowjob, even if she really didn’t want to.”
I winced — that really wasn’t an example I was comfortable with. “But,” Sam went on, “he’d have to be very specific about a few things.” “Like what?”
   “Like ‘don’t bite it off,’” Sam said, then ignoring another wince. “Or, ‘don’t dig your nails into the dangly-bits and rip them open.’”
I cringed, trying to sink into the mattress.
   “‘Don’t set my ass-hair on fire,’” Sam went on. “That sort of thing. Don’t get me wrong, it can be abused — and it is. A lot. But it’s very specific and immediate control.”
She put two fingers over my lips.
   “This is nothing new for witches. We know exactly what we’re getting into by forming a coven and we’re okay with it — it’s right there in the title, even, Domina Ritualis. Dominus, in your case.”
“What’s that? I thought Rachel said that was for rituals.”
   “Mistress of the Ritual — or Master of the Ritual. It applies to the coven all the time, not just during rituals. We usually just shorten it to Domina…” She paused. “Dominus.”
I grunted, struggling with the idea.
“What’s wrong, Dominus?” Sam asked. I could feel her grinning. I could also feel my face heat.
   On the one hand, I was a modern guy in current year and I was really uncomfortable with the idea of Sam or anyone else being compelled to do whatever I told her to. It was somehow even worse than my Command affinity, because it sounded like it was something inherent in the bond, not something I had to consciously do. On the other hand … the idea was setting off a lot of involuntary muscle contractions below my belly button.
   “Maybe,” I said, “we could not use that title? I mean, this isn’t first century Rome or something, right? We could be like a modern coven, sort of?”
“Hhmm.” Sam raised her head to look at me. “Maybe you’re right.” “Good.”
   “We should be modern and not use that old Latin.” She snuggled closer to me and keeping my dick between my thighs was becoming a little uncomfortable. “I’ll just call you Master.”
“What? No! That’s not what I —”
   
“As you wish, My Lord.” “What the hell?”
“Dominus — it’s either that, master, or lord, pick one.” I closed my eyes and rubbed my forehead.
   “What’s wrong, Master?” Sam asked, in an obviously fake tone of concern. She threw her leg over my hips and rolled on top of me, pouting. “Do you not want to be my master? Do you not want me?”
   Now she actually managed to look hurt, and even though I knew she was entirely faking her distress, I had the urge to wrap her in my arms and make everything better.
“Of course, I want you — I just —”
She lowered her face to nuzzle at my neck, then nibbled on my earlobe. “Not want me to obey you, Master?” Her breath was hot against my
neck and tickled my ear — far hotter in my brain, though. “Obey your every wish?” She trailed kisses over my throat to my other ear and nibbled there, too. “Fulfill your every desire?”
“Sam —”
   She shifted her hips to slide her lower lips over my cock, which I realized had escaped from between my legs and was getting hard again, and I moaned.
“Sam, we should talk about —”
   “I’m busy, Master.” She swiveled her hips to catch my cock and ease it inside her. “I’ve waited my whole life to have a warlock, so, if you want me to stop and talk … you’ll have to order me.”