   Sam began ticking things off on her fingers. “I’m a lesbian. In a society where we don’t mix much outside of our Family. And each coven is even more insular. And the Families all reward children, especially male children. So, my dating pool, assuming I could join a coven, is basically twelve girls who all want to get pregnant. My odds of falling in love with someone I can actually have a relationship with are somewhere between slim and you’re-kidding-right. If it was the kind of love you have for a
   
friend, I could work with that, or even love of family … even though I kind of hate my Family.”
   “Um, yeah, I can see where that would be a problem, but are you saying you can’t date outside the coven? Even the, um, mundanes?”
   “It’s frowned upon — crossing lines like that. And a mundane? Some Families want to forbid that outright. They all remember the times before the Veil when we did that and it bit us on the ass. No one wants to get serious with a mundane. School’s different, though — there’s a mundane college on the other side of town and a lot of the girls find dates there. No one expects a college fling to get serious, so there’s no risk of falling for someone you have to dump when you join a coven.” She sighed. “But that doesn’t help me, because a college fling you know’s going to end isn’t true romantic love.”
   I thought about what Mel had said, about how the witches used to marry normal people — mundanes — but couldn’t get pregnant. They’d get pregnant from their warlock, but sometimes the mundane husbands found out and that caused trouble for the coven. It kind of made sense that they wouldn’t do that now but it was also easier to get casual sex these days than it was four hundred years ago.
   “You know, you don’t have to marry someone to have sex anymore, right?”
   “Yeah, but covens are such tight knit groups that something casual with somebody you don’t know as well doesn’t seem as good — at least to me. Witches are kind of conservative in a lot of ways.” She shrugged. “Anyway, let’s go get your books and schedule. Actually, there’s a mailbox outside the door — maybe your schedule’s in that.”

   I opened the door and found the box hanging on the wall beside it that contained an envelope with my name on it. I shut the door again and opened the envelope. There were several papers inside that I’d look at later, but Sam was right about a class schedule.


Noah Ashe - 1st Year, Fall Semester

9:00 - 10:00, Lecture Hall 1, Magistra Nightingale:
   HIS 101: Foundations of Magical History - An introductory course exploring the origins and development of magical practices and societies
   
throughout history.
10:00 - 11:00, Room 207, Magistra Blackwood:
   CAS 101: Introduction to Spellcasting Essentials - A beginner’s course covering the basic principles of spellcasting, including foundational will and intent, mana channeling, and spell theory.
1:00 - 2:00, Room 109, Magistra Fallowell:
   POT 101: Basics of Potion Brewing - An entry-level course focusing on the fundamental skills and knowledge required for potion making, including ingredient properties and simple brews.
3:00 - 4:00, Room 204 / Elemental Grove, Magistra Cassian:
   RIT 101: Elemental Ritual Practices - A foundational course introducing students to basic ritual magic, focusing on elemental and seasonal ceremonies and their significance in magical practice.

“GIMME,” Sam said, bouncing on her bed and holding her hand out, wiggling her fingers until I handed it over. “Let’s see … yeah, we have the same classes in the morning, but not the afternoon. I don’t have a rituals class, because I’m probably never going to be in a coven, so I got stuck with Remedial Mana — then I have Potions 204. If I don’t get a coven, I’ll probably spend my life mixing shit for one.”
“Remedial Mana?” I asked. Sam made a rude noise.
   “Yeah, it’s a baby class for onesies who can’t generate much mana,” she said, voice going suddenly bitter. “All about ‘use what you have to your fullest ability’ and shit. Magic for faster floor mopping. Let’s go get your books.”
   Once Sam had her shoes on, she led me out of the room and back down the stairs.
   “First-years are stuck on the top floor,” she explained. “The higher grades get the best rooms on the lower floors. Seniors are on the bottom, but in that wing that sticks out the back of the building. The rest of the bottom floor is the cafeteria, school store, and the common rooms.”
“So, no secret passwords to get to our room?”
Sam chuckled. “The senior girls hate jokes like that. So, watch it.”
   We left the dorm building and crossed the quad to the admin building. Sam took me to the right after we entered and down a long hallway to a
   
door that had the top half open. The room behind was full of shelves covered in books, boxes, and plastic bins.
   “Good afternoon, Magistra Hennessy,” Sam said as we arrived at the counter. “I’ve got a new student who just arrived and needs his books.”
   Magistra Hennessy looked to be in her thirties. Whatever her age, she’d reached it well. Her dark hair was pulled back in a bun, and the rest of her was dressed … well, slutty-librarian is about the only way to describe it. A white shirt. with a couple too many buttons undone that showed off some impressive cleavage, and a very tight skirt that ended just above her knees.
She tilted her head back so she could look down her nose at me. “Ah, yes … the feral.”
I had a feeling I was going to be met with a lot of comments like that.
Magistra Hennessy held out her hand. “Schedule?”
   I handed mine over and she turned to the side of the counter and lifted a plastic bin from a shelf there, then started putting books in it.
   “History. Spellcasting. Brewing. Rituals,” she said as she set each one down, then put my schedule back on top and slid a pen and another paper toward me.
   “Sign here,” Magistra Hennessy said, adding some notebooks, pens, and pencils to the bin, followed by a laptop. “These are quite valuable and will be costly for you to replace. I suggest you refrain from … tree climbing or mud puddles or whatever it is you fellows do.”
I chuckled. “Don’t worry, I’m not twelve.”
Magistra Hennessy sniffed. “All males are twelve.”



ONCE WE GOT BACK to the room, I started unpacking and Sam offered to help me put my things away.
   Each bed had a set of drawers in its base as well as the two closets off the entryway.
   I looked around the room and realized there was going to be some awkwardness with a girl for a roommate — well, probably a lot of awkwardness, but one thing needing immediate attention.
“Um, how should we handle changing clothes?”
   
Sam grinned and jerked her head at my midsection. “What? You don’t want me seeing the package?”
I flushed. “I thought you were gay?” Her grin widened.
   “Doesn’t mean I can’t look. I like girls, sure, but I’d rather go to a Chippendales show than the typical strip club. The show’s a lot better.”
   Mel had said the same thing and I started wondering how many witches were in the typical Chippendales audience.
   I shrugged. My question had been more for her comfort than mine. I had a decent physique and the “package” was, if an internet search for the average was to be believed, a decent bit above. Still, even after just a couple hours of knowing Sam, I had the feeling she was fucking with me again.
   “Okay,” I said, grabbing the bottom of my shirt and starting to pull it up. “Whoa, boy!” Sam said “You’re gonna have to get a lot better at recognizing when I’m not being serious with you if we’re gonna be roommates. I don’t think you’re Chippendales caliber and I’m not putting
on a show for you either.”
“Ah, so it’s your package you’re worried about being seen?” Sam narrowed her eyes.
“You think there’s something wrong with my package?” she asked.
   The deeply buried, lizard-part of my brain started sending danger signals.
“Um, I’m sure your package is fine.”
   Sam sighed. “Who am I kidding?” She put her hands to her chest. “I can’t even pad these things to a B.”
   “Oh, I’m sorry — too far? I didn’t mean to make you feel bad. I think you’re cute.”
Sam glared at me.
Drop your tail and run! my inner-lizard screamed. “Cute.” Her tone was icy.
I realized I’d stepped in it somehow. “Cute isn’t good?”
   “No, it isn’t. Most girls kind of want the same thing that a guy wants in a girl. Beautiful. Voluptuous. Unbearably sexy,” she sighed. “Cute. Cute is a sentence to life in the friend zone.”
“Oh, it’s like being a nice guy?”
   
   “Exactly! When someone says a girl is cute, that means she’s looking at her like a little sister, not someone to smush muffins with.”
“Smush muffins?” “It’s a thing.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation — if you were into guys —”
   “No. Just no. You don’t have a muffin and what you do have is … singularly unattractive.”
“Hey!”
“Am I lying? Do you think they’re attractive? ”
I sighed “No, you’re right. They’re kind of ugly.”
“So, you can understand why I don’t want to see one on a daily basis.” “Alright. So, what are we going to do?”
“Well, I’m okay with just changing in the bathroom every day.” “That works — I’ll plan on doing that too.”
“Good. Come on, let’s go get some dinner.”
   We left the room and started down the stairs again. I realized I was pretty hungry and looking forward to a magic school welcoming dinner.
“So, is there, like, a great hall for meals?” “A great hall?”
   “Yeah, with long, wood tables and benches and floating candles with platters of food everywhere?”
Sam rolled her eyes.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

IT  WAS  NOT  A  GREAT  HALL.
It was a cafeteria.
   Much like the cafeteria at every school I’d ever been to. Linoleum tile floor. Metal tables, with metal benches attached, that folded up in the middle so they could be rolled out of the way. There was a curtained stage at one end, because the place seemed to double as an auditorium, and a cafeteria service line with hair-netted women standing over stainless steel steam tables.
   “You know,” I whispered to Sam as we approached the end of the serving line, “for being a magic school, this place lacks a certain something.”
“Well, you’ll see magic in the classes when they start tomorrow.” She pulled out her phone and checked the time.
   “Whoops. We’re a little bit early,” she said as she pulled me away from the line off to some benches nearby.
“How are we early? There are people in line.”
   “It’s only a few minutes after six,” she said. “We can’t get into line until quarter after.”
   “What about them?” I asked, gesturing at the line of girls already waiting.
   “They’re upper-grades” Sam said. “First-years can’t get in line until the upper years have had a chance to get in line before them.”
“Geez, my public high school wasn’t this bad.”
   
   “Oh, when it comes to cliques and privileges, I bet mundane high school doesn’t have a thing on witches.”
   We waited a few minutes, then Sam checked the time again and led me to the end of the line.
   “Now we can get in line. If someone from an upper grade comes down after us now, then they have to go to the end of the line like anybody else.”
   The line moved forward and built up behind us as more and more late arrivals joined.
   I grabbed a plastic tray and some silverware, then set it on the metal rails that hung in front of the Plexiglass-screened steam tables. The food, when we got to the serving area, didn’t look too bad — and as we got closer to the food, I realized it actually looked pretty good.
   At least everything was identifiable — back in my high school, they’d served a thing that we really couldn’t tell if it was meat or cake. We just called it meatcake and it tasted exactly like you’d think meatcake would taste.
   One big difference between Willowmere’s cafeteria and high school was the women serving the food. They were all clearly witches, because they looked to be between twenty and forty, and all extremely attractive. I wondered why such attractive women with magic powers would be working in a school cafeteria, but Sam had said that she might wind up a servant somewhere, so maybe the onesies who couldn’t gain enough power to enter a coven did all the more menial jobs in witch society?
That seemed kind of shitty, to be honest.
   We slid our trays down the line and I had mine loaded up with a plate of roast beef, mashed potatoes, both with gravy, some green beans that looked pretty good — they weren’t all gray like they’d come from a can, these looked fresh — a fresh roll, and a slice of apple pie for dessert.
Sam got some kind of fish and a salad.
   At the end of the line there were coolers with drinks, so I got a soda and Sam got a bottled water.
   Then we reentered the cafeteria and it got really quiet as everyone stopped what they were doing to look at me. I’d been so busy chatting with Sam in line that I hadn’t paid much attention to the other students — now that I was walking, I had to look up and could see all the girls staring at me. “Follow me,” Sam said and started off through the space between the
tables.
   
   I hurried after her and it seemed like every set of eyes in the cafeteria was focused on me — no one was eating, no one was talking, they were just staring, moving only their heads to follow my path.
   Off to one side near the stage there was a completely empty table — the cafeteria wasn’t nearly full yet, but all the other tables still had many of their seats filled, so it seemed odd that this table was entirely empty.
   Sam led me to the end farthest away from anyone else and set her tray down. I followed suit and sat opposite her on the hard metal bench.
“Ashamed to be seen with me?”
   Sam grinned. “Maybe it’s you who should be ashamed to be seen with me,” she said. “This is the onesies table.”
   I looked around the cafeteria, and this time as I scanned the other tables the girls started dropping their eyes back to their food and to resume eating
— and whispering. There was a lot of whispering.
   “Let me guess, all the onesies have to eat at this table, because everyone else is a Mean Girl and won’t let you sit with them?”
Sam nodded. “Got it in one.” “Schools are all the same.” “Yep.”
   Two girls approached our table with full trays, glanced at me, then looked at Sam, then hung their heads and sat at the far end of the table. The weird thing was they both looked the same, like twins, only they clearly weren’t the same age.
   I glanced at them then cut my roast beef and took a bite, chewing and swallowing before I commented.
   I nodded toward the two girls. “Does that mean I’m the outcast of the outcasts?”
Sam narrowed her eyes and glared at the two girls.
   “Brittany!” she snapped, and pointed to the bench beside her. “Stop being a silly twit and get over here.”
   The younger girl, who’d sat on my side at the far end, jumped and looked at Sam with wide eyes, then at me with even wider ones, then back to Sam. Sam just continued to glare at her until the girl looked down, swallowed, and slowly stood up.
   She carried her tray around the end of the table to Sam’s side, paused to bend over and whisper something to the older girl as she passed, then came
   
down to our end and slowly sat next to Sam, keeping her head down and not looking at either of us.
   The older girl watched us for a minute, then sighed and brought her own tray down to sit next to the younger girl.
   I was on one side of the table and the three girls were on the other, and I wondered why everyone seemed to want to have nothing to do with me — I mean, yeah, I was the only guy here, but these girls couldn’t have lived in isolation their entire lives. They had to have seen a guy before, right?
   “Brittany, Hannah,” Sam said, “this is Noah. He’s a freshman and my roommate.”
   The two girls remained silent and still, not even picking up their silverware to resume eating.
   Now that they weren’t at the other end of the table, I could tell that they really did look the same. Brittany’s dark hair was cut shorter than Hannah’s, and she was slightly slimmer — not in a way that meant Hannah was overweight at all, but that Hannah was clearly the older one and her curves had filled out more. Brittany still had a certain coltish look to her.
   “Oh, Mother’s stretch marks, girls, he’s a guy, not a werewolf. He’s not going to go for your throat if you make eye contact! Say hello.”
The girls glanced up at me in unison. “Hello,” they said together.
   Then they looked down at their plates again, but at least they picked up their silverware and started eating.