CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

THE POTIONS CLASSROOM LOOKED LIKE MY OLD HIGH SCHOOL CHEMISTRY
class and not the shadowy den of brews and alchemy I was hoping for.
   Chest high tables with four stools, two on each side. Each had a stainless-steel sink and a couple gas taps. Shelves lined the walls with an assortment of beakers and other glassware, as well as jars of what I assumed were ingredients — at least those looked like something magic, as they were clearly bits of plants and other things, not sterile chemicals. There were even bunches of them hanging from the ceiling.
   Each table already had a pair of burners and some beakers in place, along with small ceramic dishes with some sort of ground plant.
   Rachel and I took an empty table near the back of the room and sat, waiting as the other students slowly filtered into the room. I struggled to keep a straight face as girl after girl entered the classroom, saw the two seats available at our table, and then desperately scanned the room for a free seat anywhere else. Eventually, all the other seats were filled and the last two girls to arrive stared at our table like it was some unknown level of hell, before finally coming over and sitting down.
   “Hi,” I said, smiling and holding out my hand. “I’m Noah, this is Rachel.”
“Katrina,” one said, after a long pause, then the other, “Sylvia.”
   Sylvia had active bitch face, in the sense that she couldn’t seem to look in my direction without crinkling her nose like she was smelling a sewer, but she was still attractive like all the witches were. A sort of dirty blonde
   
hair, unruly in a very specific and time-consuming way, and dark eyes — I couldn’t tell the exact color of her eyes at that distance.
   Katrina was the better looking of the two, with long, chestnut hair and eyes I could tell were hazel even across the table.
Neither took my hand, so I withdrew it, but didn’t stop smiling. Rachel was looking at Sylvia.
“What?” the other girl demanded.
   “Sorry,” Rachel said, “I just thought you were a second-year, and this is a —”
   “Shut up,” Sylvia said, turning her back on us to stare at the front of the class.
   “Ah, cool,” I said, quickly figuring out why someone in their second year would be in a first-year course — she must have failed this class the first time around. “At least we’ve got someone at the table who’s been through this before and can tell us what’s coming.”
   Sylvia’s neck went red and I caught Rachel giving me a small smile. I returned it, because, damn it, it was only the first day and I was already sick of my friends being treated like shit by these witches.
“Attention! Attention!” a voice called out. “Pay attention, Magellae.”
   The room stilled, but I couldn’t tell who was speaking — it didn’t sound like the school’s weird public address system.
   “Thank you, everyone. Now, I am Magistra Fallowell, your potions teacher this year, and we’re going to jump right into things.”
   The voice was high-pitched, almost childlike, but I still couldn’t see who was speaking. It seemed most of the girls in the class couldn’t either, because all but the first row of tables was looking around, while those in the first row were focused on the front of the room.
   The teacher must have been there, but too short for us to see her from the back tables? Mel had said all the things out of fairy tales were as real as witches — did Willowmere have any of those … I didn’t want to call them creatures, surely, if one was a creature, but couldn’t think of what else to call them.
“Hey, Rachel,” I whispered. “Is she a gnome or something?”
“A gnome, Magellus Ashe?” the voice asked from the front of the class.
   Fuck, was I ever going to remember all the teachers seemed to be able to hear everything in the classroom?

   I was half afraid Magistra Fallowell would answer that question and tell me they could read our minds, too, but she didn’t — instead, the most gorgeous, less than five-foot tall, woman rounded one of the tables and came up the aisle toward me. She was short, yes, but had a figure more defined than Marylin Monroe and a face that needed no makeup to put all others to shame. Her long, black hair shone in the classroom lights, swaying back and forth as she walked — and it was long, almost as long as she was tall, but it was forgotten as soon as I saw her eyes, green as emeralds.
   I’d thought all the witches were extraordinarily beautiful, but Magistra Fallowell was head and shoulders above all of them … no pun. Her eyes drew me in and nothing else mattered.
“Do I look like a gnome, Magellus Ashe?” “No,” I murmured, “you’re beautiful.” Magistra Fallowell’s eyes went wide. “What?”
“You’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.” “Oh, Maiden’s nips!”
   She spun around, hiding her eyes from me and my heart broke for a moment, until I watched her gorgeous hair swing as she strode back to the front of the class — but then she went behind the front row of tables, cutting off my view. I started to get up to rush to the front of the class so I could see her again.
   “Will someone smack him out of it?” Magistra Fallowell called. “I’ll just be a moment.”
Rachel punched me in the jaw.
   “Ow!” I exclaimed, holding a hand to my face and turning to glare at her. “What was that for?”
“Magistra said — and you deserved it,” she answered, glaring back at
me.
“What — why?” I suddenly remembered what had happened and what
I’d said. All the girls in the class were staring at me, most of them giggling. What had come over me? I mean, yes, Magistra Fallowell was gorgeous, but how could I say something like that to a teacher?
   It was then that the object of my highly inappropriate comments … and more inappropriate thoughts, if I was to tell the truth, and thank the witches’ Goddess I hadn’t verbalized any of those, came back into view.
“Magistra Fallowell,” I stammered, “I’m sorry — I don’t know what
—”

   “No, no, Magellus Ashe, it’s I who owes you an apology.” She spun around, taking in the entire class — and not incidentally spinning that gorgeous hair, which, thankfully, didn’t have nearly the same effect on me as it had before. “Magellae, let this be a lesson to those of you with passive affinities — no good comes of being lax in shielding their effects.” She began pacing the classroom. “Now, let’s open the containers of herbs I’ve laid out for you.”
   “What the hell just happened?” I whispered to Rachel, figuring if Magistra Fallowell heard and called me out for it, then she could damn well explain it to me herself.
Sylvia turned around to answer me.
   “Magistra Fallowell has a double Allure affinity,” she said like she was talking to an idiot.
“A double what?”
   Sylvia sighed. “Her resonants are Passion and Longing — both gave her Allure. She can cause an unbearable attraction in someone if she puts her mind to it.” She sneered at me before turning her back. “Or the weak-minded even if she doesn’t.”
   Magistra Fallowell was ignoring us while the class opened the vials of herbs.
   “So, it wasn’t my fault,” I whispered to Rachel. “Why’d you hit me so hard?”
   “You didn’t even try to resist it,” she said, still glaring at me. “You just went all drooly-faced.”
“I didn’t drool.” I wiped at my chin. “Did I?”
   “Your herbs, Magellae, Magellus,” Magistra Fallowell called from the far side of the room.
I hurriedly opened my jar as Rachel did the same.
“Who can identify this herb?” Magistra Fallowell asked. Rachel raised her hand along with a handful of others. “Magella Stimpton?”
“Peppermint, Magistra,” a girl answered.
“Close — very close, but not correct. Magella Winthrop?” “Watermint, Magistra,” Rachel said.
“Correct — and the properties of watermint?”
   “Soothing to the skin and stomach, and … um, ah —” Rachel cleared her throat, “um, love, plus protection and purification in rituals.”
   
   “Indeed — but don’t get too excited, Magellae, watermint’s love affinity is quite weak. It only offers a bit of a … nudge to whatever feelings must already be there. And the target must willingly accept the potion from the giver’s hand —” She grinned, showing perfectly even, perfectly white teeth. “Meaning, your prey must know you are the giver and consume it knowing it came from you — so no sneaking around. But today you will be using watermint for its main purpose — creating stomach tonics for Magistra Fallwhistle’s infirmary — this is one of the simplest potions, one which we can complete, for the most part, within our class time, and provides a fine introduction to potion making. In the cabinets beneath your tables, you will find the other necessary ingredients and implements, please get them out.”
“We’re making a potion on the first day?” I whispered to Rachel.
   “It’s an easy one,” Rachel said, nodding. “Probably something everyone’s already helped brew at home.”
   There was a rustle and clatter as everyone got their materials out. I hopped off my stool and moved it away from the table so I could access the cabinet underneath, and pulled out a tray covered with things. There were two sealed bottles of clear liquid, two containers of white crystals, a ceramic mortar and pestle, and a medium sized beaker.
   “Very well,” Magistra Fallowell said when the class settled down again. “Fill your beakers with five hundred milliliters of water and place them on the burners, but do not light them yet. Then add twelve grams of salt to your mortar and grind it to a fine powder. Scales are also in your cabinets.”
   There was another flurry of activity as the girls and I complied. I saw others tasting the two white crystals to see which was salt, so I figured it was safe and did so too.
   “The salt’s to purify the implements,” Rachel whispered as we all ground the salt. She hung her head a little and blushed. “All of us know that from home, but I thought … you know, with you not growing up with … us…”
“Thanks,” I whispered back, happy she’d thought of me enough to tell
me.
“It’s probably overkill, since the watermint has purifying properties,
too, but it’s important not to let your potions get contaminated.” “Gotcha,” I said. “What happens if it gets contaminated?”
   
   Rachel shrugged. “A null potion, an unexpected effect, fire, mostly-small explosions, whatever.”
   “Now, dispose of your salt, everyone,” Magistra Fallowell called. “You may just dump it in the sink.”
   The sink was on my side of the table, between Rachel and I, so we could just turn and dump our salt there, but Sylvia and Katrina had to lean all the way across or come all the way around the table. They chose the former … and they were both wearing loose, open-necked shirts that gaped open and gave me a view down both their shirts. My gaze automatically went back and forth between them before settling on the Katrina-view.
   Sylvia’s were okay — all the witches were gorgeous — but hers had the hard, too-full look some porn stars have. Katrina’s were the sort of soft, pillowy visions that made me want to nestle in and take a nap.
   Katrina must have seen my head gymnastics, because she blushed and lowered her gaze as she sat back — at least there were a few positive reactions to me here.
“Now rinse your mortars and pestles,” Magistra Fallowell said.
   I had to chuckle as all the girls who’d leaned over to empty their salt now had to hop off their stools and go around to the other side anyway, but I quickly held my hand out to Katrina and gestured for her to give me hers, then I got them under the water right after Rachel finished hers. Katrina gave me a flirty thanks and I was starting to think this was a lot more like what I’d thought being the only guy in an all-girls school should be like when Sylvia elbowed me in the kidney as she went back to her stool.
   I grunted and had to look away from Katrina, which was disappointing, but Magistra Fallowell was already moving on to the next instruction, so I had to hurry and rinse my own mortar and pestle to catch up.
   “Next into the mortar, six grams of sugar and eleven grams of watermint. The watermint, we’ll be infusing with an intent to sooth; the sugar, with changing sourness to sweet. It’s described as a sour stomach, after all.”
“Infusing?” I whispered to Rachel. “Putting mana in it.”
   Okay — that made sense and I assumed it was like casting a spell such as the candle-lighting I’d mastered — readying your mana, pouring your intent into it, and releasing it.
   
   In fact, that was the next thing Magistra Fallowell had us do. Ready some mana — not too much, she said, because we were only fixing and enhancing the affinities of the ingredients — then infuse that mana with our intent to sooth and sweeten into the mixture. While we did that several times to, as she called it, “set things,” we lit our burners and heated our water. Then in went the rest of the sugar, followed by our sugar and watermint mixture and we boiled that down to a syrup.
   Finally, the syrup got mixed with the liquid in the other bottle, which turned out to be vodka — something about absorption.
   That was it, apparently, other than to let it sit for a couple weeks then strain out the watermint leaves. It was ready enough, though, for Magistra Fallowell to grade us, and she started going around the room immediately.
   “Well, that was kind of cool,” I said, pouring the last of the mixture into the bottle we’d use for it to steep in.
   As I looked up, I caught Rachel slipping a smaller bottle of green-tinged liquid into her backpack, and noticed that her potion bottle was less full than mine. I wondered if she wasn’t feeling well and didn’t want to go to the infirmary for some reason, but didn’t have time to ask, because Magistra Fallowell was at our table and asking to sample my potion.
   I handed it over kind of proudly — it was my first potion, after all, and I was pretty confident I’d gotten it right.
   Magistra Fallowell took a sample with a glass straw and placed a drop on her tongue — which, honestly, wasn’t fair for someone that good looking to do to a guy.
   “Hhmm,” she said, frowning. “Inert, I’m afraid, Magellus Ashe — perhaps you didn’t rinse your mortar and pestle well enough and some salt got in. Too bad.”
   My shoulders slumped — I’d been so certain I’d gotten it right, but maybe I hadn’t rinsed mine well enough after taking care of Katrina’s. It’d serve me right for getting sloppy over a pair of boobs and some pretty eyes.
   Then I noticed Sylvia, who was pointedly looking the other way, but her shoulders were shaking as though she was holding back laughter. I thought back to when we’d been rinsing things and quickly checked the table by my burner. There was a bunch of white powder there with specks leading back to Sylvia’s seat — had she dumped some of her salt into my beaker when we’d been cleaning? Had she sabotaged me?
   
   Just then, Magistra Fallowell moved on to check Rachel’s potion, but as Rachel moved to hand it to her, she knocked her whole tray of equipment
— bottles and all — into the sink and dropped her potion bottle, too.
   “Oh, no!” she cried, grasping for it, but that only upended it, dumping her whole potion into the bottom of the sink.
   “That is unfortunate, Magella Winthrop,” Magistra Fallowell said. “See me one evening this week after classes and you may brew a new one for half credit.”