DO NOT. Under any circumstances. Show a woman how badly you want to have sex with her.
They are brutal, sadistic, and pure evil.
   Over the course of the next two weeks, I saw a side of Sam that I never would’ve believed existed.
   
   My formerly meticulously neat roommate began leaving her underthings all around the room, including the inside pocket of my jacket
— which nearly gave me a heart attack when I reached in there to get a fresh pencil during Mel’s class.
   Sam didn’t seem to care if her underthings got wrinkled or lost — which was probably because she needed them less now that she’d started stripping stark naked as soon the curfew bell rang.
   The same bell meant I couldn’t leave the room, so I was stuck in a small room with a beautiful naked witch I couldn’t touch until the Solstice.
Have I mentioned the inadvisability of thinking drunk?
   Then there were the touches, and the brushes, and the little sidelong glances under fluttering lashes.
   Don’t get me started on the pouting, the standing way too close to me in the cafeteria line, and always pointing her mouth so her breath hit my bare skin.
   “You know,” she said, popping a sucker out of her mouth as we walked across the quad.
   Oh, yeah, she’d started sucking on lollipops all the time. Sam never ate candy, but now she was never seen without a damn lollipop in her mouth.
“It’s really not fair,” she continued. “What’s not fair?”
“You get to see me naked.”
“Shush,” I said looking around. “Someone might hear you.”
   Sam looked around. It was between afternoon classes, so most of the students were in the classroom building, but Sam and I had a special project for Mel’s class we needed to use the library for all afternoon.
“Nobody’s close enough to hear me.”
   “Hello?” I wiggled my fingers at her. “We live in a magic school — I’m sure somebody has a spell to eavesdrop on people. The teachers certainly do.”
   “Only in classrooms — as for everyone else? First, they’d have to care what we were saying. We’re not that interesting. Well, you are, but everyone’s gotten used to you.”
“No, they haven’t!”
   Sam jerked her head to the side and widened her eyes. “Geez, narcissistic much?”
   
   I could see the tiniest tightening at the corner of her mouth, telling me she was just messing with me.
   “What’s not fair about it?” I asked, really secretly hoping she’d have a reason it was remotely possible for me to agree with, so I could at least get some clothes back on her while retaining my dignity.
   Think that’s not a problem? You’re an eighteen-year-old guy telling your hot-witch naked roommate to put some clothes on. That’s the sort of thing that’ll haunt a guy forever.
   “You getting to see me naked…” She pushed the lollipop into her mouth almost to the end of the stick and I choked. The lollipop reemerged. “… but I can’t see you naked.”
   Something in my throat didn’t work right. Air could get out — at least in a sort of raspy, dying gasp — but couldn’t get back in.
“Barg … but, but you don’t like guys,” I blurted.
   Sam scrunched up her nose. She hopped in front of me and put her hand against my chest to stop me, she popped the lollipop out of her mouth again, and held it up to mine.
I didn’t even think, I just opened my mouth and she popped it in. Look, if a pretty girl wants you to lick her lollipop, you do it.
“I know. Ew. It’s gross —” “Hey!”
“Oh, come on — you know it’s true. Have you seen a penis? They’re all
… bulbous and bumpy and…” She shuddered. “I’m right here,” I said.
“Am I lying?”
I had to admit I was not, myself, enamored of the penis.
   “Yeah,” Sam said. “But I’m willing to take one for the team … for justice and fairness.”



SO THAT’S how I came to be standing naked in the middle of my dorm room with my rather wide-eyed roommate Samantha sitting on her bed staring at my penis which was just about at her eye level.
   That sort of statement should have a record scratch and a freeze frame after it.
   
Her hands flew to her mouth.
“Maiden’s white cotton panties,” she whispered.
   “What?” I asked looking down at myself. I mean, the stress of the moment had it a little in retreat, but I thought it was still okay.
“It’s —” Sam shook her head. “Are you a grower or a shower?”
“I’m,” I shrugged. “Both? I mean, it gets bigger, but I think it’s okay…” “It gets bigger?” Sam shook her head. “I can’t.”
   “It’s not that big,” I said. “It’s, like, a little bit above average — I Googled it and —”
Sam’s eyes flashed to mine. “You Googled your dick?”
“Hey! I Googled average penis size, all right? Every guy probably has.” “And what’s the average?”
“Like, five or six inches, but that’s erect.” Sam swallowed hard.
“Thirty percent greater is not ‘a little above average,’” she said. “It’s not that big.”
“It’s bigger than any of the toys I’ve ever used.”
   Images of Sam using sex toys flashed across my brain and she flung herself backward across her bed to put her back against the wall.
“Why is it getting bigger?”
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

FOR ALMOST TWO MORE WEEKS, SAM AND I TRIED TO DRIVE EACH OTHER
nuts. Always one-upping the other on poses or something. I flexed my abs so much I almost got abs, then I found myself checking my ass out in the mirror to see just how different stances affected it — I mean, yeah, Sam was into girls, but she’d also said she could appreciate a good-looking guy, so maybe it would have an effect?
Sam … was much better at that sort of thing than I was.
   Finally, though, we agreed that we didn’t need to run around our room naked anymore.
It was driving me crazy and creeping her out.
   She did admit that she, also, had been thinking drunk when the whole thing started and, like me, couldn’t figure out a way to get out of it. She’d been hoping I’d refuse to get naked when she suggested it so we could stop. It was a still little weird thinking that we were going to have sex in a little over a month even though she really wasn’t into guys, but she assured me it was the way covens worked. The groups were rarely formed out of attraction and affection, but rather for the optimal generation of mana. So, she figured she was ahead of the game because she liked me — not in that
way — and I figured I was ahead because I liked her — yes, in that way. “So, it’s not normal for everyone in a coven to love each other?” I asked
her, still trying to wrap my head around the idea of these covens.
   Sam started laughing and I had to just sit there watching as she rolled around on her bed in her pajamas — which now included bottoms again.
   
   “No,” she said finally, but still gasping a little, “the most important things in the Family covens are power and alliances. When a new coven is formed, the high priestess is picked by the head of the Family — for the Prescotts, that’s my mother. The new high priestess then gets to pick from all of the available witches in the Family — which usually means the most powerful, or the most complementary to whatever resonance the warlock has, and compatibility is a distant third. It doesn’t matter that much anyway, because once everybody’s marked and bound, they have to do what the high priestess says anyway. Well, the twelve marked witches do what the warlock tells them and he does what the high priestess says.”
“That sounds kind of miserable.”
   She shrugged. “It is how it is. I think the smaller Families care more about the relationships, but they’re always forming covens across Family lines because they don’t have enough distant relations in the Family. Big Families like mine … like the Prescotts, don’t have that kind of consanguinity problem.”
“Consa… Consommé… What?”
   “Consanguinity, it’s how you’re related to someone else — it was a big thing with the royal families of Europe back in the day, I think that’s why they all have no chins and bad teeth. It’s having kids with someone too closely related. I think the pool for forming a new coven starts with the warlock’s fourth cousins? Maybe. I’ve got, like, a hundred and twelve fourth cousins.”
I blinked, that was a big Family.
   “I know, right? And even more fifth and sixth cousins — and at that, you’re really talking about the same genetic relationship as some random mundane off the street. The Families track relationships to the thirteenth — basically a who’s-who back to the Black Death, and we don’t bother with before that because so many people died that the relationships all got closer anyway. But, really, a new coven doesn’t wind up any more closely related than a bunch of random people who’ve lived in the same small town all their lives.”
   I wasn’t even sure what country any of my ancestors came from — only that Mel was some kind of relation somewhere.
   “And they’re all okay with having sex with the same guy?” I asked. That was one of the things I still had trouble accepting about the witches.
   
That they could form so many of these covens and it was just normal to them. “Don’t they get jealous?”
   Sam shrugged. “Not within the coven. Some witches might be mad if their warlock had sex with someone outside the coven, but I don’t think most would even care about that. Most warlocks aren’t exactly, well, what the mundanes would consider relationship material.”
“Why not?”
   “Think about it,” she said, making a seriously-you-don’t-get-it-face. “Look, I know you’re hung up on the Family warlocks not being able to leave their enclaves, but it’s not like they’re kept in cages. Other than the high priestess, they’re the ultimate boss of the coven. They get the best of everything and they have a dozen witches at their beck and call. They have sex every day to harvest and transfer mana, and they don’t even have to be nice to the witches. No dates, no flowers, no headaches.”
“Sounds horrible,” I said — and it did.
“So, what do you want life in your coven to be like?”
   Her question took me by surprise. I hadn’t really thought about it. I’d accepted that I was a warlock and would have to form a coven. I’d certainly accepted forming that coven with Sam — was looking forward to it, even, but beyond that I hadn’t imagined anything.
Now I did and I told her the first image that popped into my head.
   “I want us all together — at Christmas. Fine,” I said, cutting her off, “Solstice, alright? All of us together. You can decorate for Solstice and I’ll decorate for Christmas and we can make fun of each other’s decorations.”
“You stole all yours from witches,” Sam said.
   “Yeah, you can tell us all about that,” I said, grinning back at her. “But more than those things, we’ll be celebrating you and I starting our coven. On the Solstice, because you made me wait over two months after asking me to and taunted me the whole time with your nakedness.”
“It was only a couple weeks of taunting, and you asked me to.” “I was drunk!”
“You’re still responsible for what you ask for.” “Hmph.”
   Sam tilted her head to the side and rubbed her neck. I started to wonder if she’d like a neck massage.
   No! The solstice is still over a month away — we haven’t even made it out of November yet, and the path you’re on will only lead to frustration

and sorrow.
   “So that’s what you want out of a coven?” Sam asked. “A Christmas party?”
I tried to think of how to better express what I’d meant by that.
   “I want our coven to be a family,” I said. “Not like the big witch Families, but a real family where everybody cares about each other, even if they don’t always get along.”
“Mmhh,” Sam said. “Good luck with that.”
   It might be unlikely, but I was still determined to try. The almost business-like approach Sam described didn’t appeal to me at all.
   “What about you?” I asked. “What do you want it to be like? I bet with the warlocks being jerks like you described the, um, market for your interests is pretty high?”
Sam sighed and shook her head.
   “You’d think so, right? That this situation and not being able to go get a mundane guy, and there being a couple dozen witches for every warlock, that this would be a prime situation for someone of my orientation.”
She sighed again.
   “You would be wrong. Witches are a disappointingly conservative group.”
I laughed.
   “Well,” I said, “we’ll just have to be sure we add some to our coven who do feel the same.”
“Really?”
   “Of course, if I’m going to live with thirteen women, I want you all happy.”
   Sam caught her lower lip between her teeth, then frowned and looked down.
“But?”
She looked up at me and her grin came back.
   “’Our coven’,” she said. “We are really going to start something that’s ours — and we, you, can think about things like that.”
   “We,” I said, stressing it. “Yeah, I don’t want anyone in the coven who doesn’t want to be there, or doesn’t like the rest of the coven — and that starts with you and me.”
   “Well, I don’t think you can find thirteen women, much less witches, who like each other all the time.”
   
   “Sometimes, sure — but it sounds like you’re saying in a lot of covens they’re not even friends.”
   Sam shrugged. “There are a lot of covens where some of the members really hate others.”
“I definitely don’t want anything like that.”
   “Just make sure you find a high priestess who feels the same, because conflict between the high priestess and warlock really messes things up.”