CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

SAM WAS BACK IN OUR ROOM WHEN I RETURNED, SITTING AT HER DESK WITH
a large, leather-bound book.
“How did you like the game?” she asked as I shut the door.
   “It was fun, but Rachel’s a little freaky at these games — there was one point where one of our players got knocked out, but there was no penalty, and I thought Rachel was gonna run out on the field and kill the referee.”
Sam giggled. “Really? I can’t picture that.”
I grabbed a soda from our fridge and sat at my desk.
   “You need to come to the next game with us — it shows a whole other side of that girl.”
   “Wow. So, there is something that gets her wound up — but there won’t be any games until the season starts in second semester.”
   “Oh, and apparently her Family has a box for the Boston Banshees and she invited me to see a professional game with her.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “She asked you?” “Yeah.”
“I think she has a crush on you.” I shrugged. “She might —”
   “And how do you feel about that?” Sam asked with a serious expression on her face.
   I shrugged. “She’s cute,” I said, “but she’s so shy. It’s hard to tell what she’s really like.”
“She is cute,” Sam agreed. “And she’s got that tight little butt.” I almost choked on my soda.
   
   “How can you tell anything about her butt? I’ve never seen her in anything but those baggy clothes that just hang there.”
   “Trust me,” Sam said, nodding sagely. “I am very knowledgeable about girls’ butts. I’m surprised it’s a skill you don’t have.”
   I waited until Sam was taking a drink of her own soda. “I’m more of a boob guy.”
Soda sprayed onto the desk.
“Oh, really?” Sam asked dabbing at the soda on her shirt with a tissue.
She looked down at her chest. “I guess I’m out of luck then?” “I didn’t say they had to be big.”
Sam flushed and looked away.
“Okay, this conversation is getting a little weird.”
   She turned back to the book she was reading and I flopped down on my bed.
   “You’re the one who brought up butts — I was just talking about going to a spellstick game.” I kicked my shoes off and pushed them over the side of the bed to thunk onto the floor. “Is that the book you were after?”
   “Yeah,” she said, turning a page. “And I found what I needed — but it’s not going to be easy.”
“You found it already?” I sat up again — that was big news.
   “I think so. I found this potion, which says —” She leaned over the book. “— ‘Take you this draught, drained in all, and trebled by each essence shall your power be.’”
I thought about it. “So — your power will triple? That’s not bad.” “Triple for each addition of the essence, which I can add three times —
at the new, first quarter, and full moons.” “Very cool.”
   “Yeah, but the new moon is tomorrow and I, um, don’t have any essence to start brewing it.”
“Well, where do we get some essence?”
   I had visions of us having to sneak off campus to visit a dusty, dimly lit shop full of exotic ingredients. Maybe we’d even have to convince the shopkeeper to sell us the essence, because there were, like, witch laws about using it or something.
   “Um, essence usually means…” She flushed bright red and grimaced. “Well, it usually refers to Essence of Life, which, um … well, it symbolizes power and creation, which is, I guess, why it’s used in this potion…”
   
“Yeah, so where do we get it?”
   “Yeeaahh,” she said, drawing it out, “so, um, the Essence of Life goes along with, um —” She laid her hands over her belly. “The Cradle of Life?” Sam was being so evasive that I was wondering if this essence stuff was something we’d have to either steal or cost so much we’d never be able to
get any.
“But where? Is it expensive or something?”
   “No, it’s pretty cheap, usually. Free, even.” She clenched her fists and shook them, clearly frustrated. “So, the Essence of Life — enters the Cradle of Life — and creates life.”
“You mean real life, like an egg and — oh.” “Yeah.”
“So, the essence is —” “Yeah.”
“And you have to put it in this potion and —” “Yeah.”
“Ew.”
“Yeah.”
   It occurred to me where the only place to get “essence” at an all-girls school would be.
“You had this to talk about, but me talking about boobs was weird?” “It’s not like we have to do anything, I just need … it.”
“Sam —”
“What? Like you have something you’re planning to use it for?” “Well, no, but it’s…”
   “And don’t tell me you don’t have any — you spend more time in the bathroom than I do.”
“Hey!”
   “It’s true — not like you have to shave your legs, so I’m sure you’re doing something in there!”
   Something about her tone made me look at her closer and I saw that her hands were shaking, fingers tapping quickly on her desk, and she was looking down at the book, not meeting my eyes.
   I got off my bed and took the few steps to Sam’s desk, but she kept her eyes on the book in front of her, not even glancing at me.
I knelt beside her, resting my right arm on the desk. “Hey, what’s up?
“What’s up? What do you think is up?” she asked, still not looking at
I laid my hand over hers to still the tapping, but could still feel her trembling.
   “I think you look really upset and I don’t know why. Sure, I was giving you shit, but you know I’ll help you, right?”
“You will?”
Even at that she didn’t look at me.
   “Of course I will — I mean, it’s weird and a little nasty, but I’ll do it for you. So, what’s really wrong?”
“I don’t know if I want to do this.”
   I shrugged. “So don’t — I certainly wouldn’t drink something like that.” “Not that — the potion cooks for so long and has so many other ingredients that it’s really nothing. And it’s certainly not the worst thing that
could go into a potion.”
I almost asked, but decided I didn’t want to know. “Then what?”
   “All my life it’s been about power, power, power,” she said so quietly I could barely hear her. “After we found out I was a onesie … my mom hardly spoke to me. She brought in experts and all these exercises that were supposed increase my power, but none of them worked. I did them all — I did everything she asked of me, but none of them worked.”
   A tear ran down her cheek then dropped to land on her lap, so I squeezed her hand harder and put my other hand on her back. What kind of mother could do that? I mean, what kind of mother could toss her kid in a baby drop, either, but this seemed just as shitty.
   “I’ve done everything she told me to. Almost everything — everything I could. I mean, how does a twelve-year old convince herself she’s in love with someone?” She shrugged. “I couldn’t do that, but I couldn’t lie to her, because I clearly wasn’t generating any mana. Who yells at a twelve-year old for not falling in love, Noah?”
   Okay, shittier. Say what you want about foster care, but nobody there ever fucked with my head like that.
“I don’t know if I want to do this anymore.” “Do what?”
   “This,” she said, waving her hand at the book. “Maybe I should just accept I’m a onesie and live with it. I’m good at potions, I could do that instead of being in a coven. I might have to have another witch imbue the
   
ingredients sometimes, but a lot of them would be willing to do that if it meant not having to do the brewing themselves.”
“Okay.”
   “But I don’t want that! I’m a witch, damn it! I want to be in a coven and do rituals and dance for the Goddess under the new moon! It’s not fair!”
   Even I knew suggesting life wasn’t fair wouldn’t be the right response. I did decide, though, that the mood might need some lightening.
“So, this —” I waved my hand at her book. “Jizz-juice potion, does it
—”
“Oh, Crone’s tits! You did not just call this … ew, I might have to drink
it and now that name’s going to be stuck in my head!”
   She smacked me on the chest with both hands, but I noticed they weren’t shaking anymore. I started laughing and it only took that to set Sam off and we laughed for several minutes, making up more and more outrageous names for the potion.
“Wizard’s whizz!” “Conjurer’s cream!” “Sorcerer’s sauce!”
   I held up my hand to pause her and be sure she listened. I knew I had the winner.
“Magic-Man Milk,” I said calmly.
   Sam fell out of her chair, slammed her head into the wall, and cracked her knee on the bottom of her desk.
   “Ow! Oh, Goddess,” she laughed. “You can’t make me cry from being sad, laughing, and hurt all at the same time! My eyes are confused!”
   I rubbed her knee while she rubbed her head until she stopped giggle-crying.
“Better?” I asked, standing up and offering her my hand. “Yes,” she said, taking it and pulling herself to her feet.
   “Good — so, this … potion, does it have to be used right away or does it keep for a while?”
   “What? I don’t know.” She ran her finger down the recipe in the book. “It says a year and a day, but I can’t tell if it gets weaker and weaker until then or just expires and stops working — this is a translation and the wording is weird.”
   “Okay, so make the potion, stick it in a drawer, and decide later if you want to drink it or not.”
   
“Yeah, I guess I could do that.”
“Good,” I said, holding out a hand. “Got a cup?”
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

A FEW DAYS LATER, SAM WAS ON HER BED STUDYING FOR HER POTIONS
class, which was a lot more complicated than mine, given the glimpses I’d seen of her textbook. The big potion she was making, which was currently simmering on a hotplate by our room’s window, was even more complicated.
And stinky, which was why it was by the open window.
   I set my own work aside — an essay on the use of willow switches dipped in spring water as purification before a ritual — and checked the time. It was a Thursday, so we didn’t have classes, and I’d been waiting for later in the afternoon to try and call Morgan again.
“Hey, Sam, can I borrow your phone?”
   She tossed it toward me, not taking her eyes from her book. “Calling your girlfriend again?”
   “I told you — not my girlfriend. More like a little sister. She’s the closest thing to family I had in foster care.”
“Uh huh. Do you want me to go downstairs?”
   I shook my head, leaning back against my pillows while I tapped Morgan’s number into Sam’s phone. I still didn’t have one, for all the same reasons — I was on campus all the time and the only person I wanted to call was Morgan, so why should I bug Mel to get me a phone when I could borrow Mel’s or Sam’s?
   Morgan had tried calling Mel’s number a couple times since I’d come to Willowmere, but, with Mel teaching classes and us living in different buildings now, we hadn’t connected. Morgan called, Mel would tell me and I’d call back, but we hadn’t been able to connect yet — that it was the new guy, Gabriel, who seemed to always answer the phone made me a little suspicious of that. Maybe Morgan was going out more, or maybe Gabriel was lying through his annoying teeth when he said she wasn’t home.
   It was getting to the point where I was thinking of asking Mel to take me back into the city one weekend to check on Morgan and make sure she was okay.
   As for Sam’s question, it was her phone and to study somewhere else she’d have to go downstairs. That seemed a lot to ask of her, especially when Morgan and I didn’t really have any private discussions to have.
   “Hi,” I said as someone picked up — and, sure enough, I recognized Gabriel’s voice. “Is Morgan home? This is Noah.”
“Noah who?”
   I ground my teeth. Since the asshole asked who it was every time I called, I’d started just telling him — after which he started asking for a last name. I wondered if, eventually, he’d be demanding I email him a copy of my ID for each call.
“Noah Ashe. Her friend. I’ve called before.” “Yeah, yeah. She’s not home.”
   “Okay, could you give her a message?” I wanted to leave Sam’s number for Morgan so she’d have a better chance of reaching me when she called back.
“What am I? Her secretary?”
Apparently, yes, since you answer the fucking phone all the time.
“I’m not saying that, I just —”
“Is that for me?” I heard Morgan’s voice ask. “Hey! You said she wasn’t home!”
“It’s that Noah-guy,” Gabriel was saying. “Are you sure you want to
—”
“Give me the fucking phone, asshole!”
There were sounds of a scuffle then a door slamming. “Noah? Is that you?”
“Yeah — Morgan, what the fuck is going on over there?”
“It’s been weeks again! I called like six times, why didn’t you call me
back? Fuck! You did, didn’t you?”
“I tried a couple times after every time you called.”
“That asshole! It was always Gabriel who answered, right?”
“Every time,” I agreed. “I’m going to kill him!” “Do you want help?”
   “No, I’ve got it handled — I just hate him. Everybody here does. Mike bought an extra-long cord for the upstairs phone so we could take it in the bathroom because that creep listens to everybody.” Morgan took a deep breath. “Never mind him — how are you?”
   “I’m good — really good — but before that let me give you a new number to reach me at.”
   “Oh, good, you finally got your own phone — let me find a pen. Okay, go.”
I gave her Sam’s number, then had to explain.
“It’s not my phone, I still don’t have one. You’re the only one I call.” “Your … whatever she is has two phones?”
“Um, no, this is my roommate’s phone.”
“You moved out of that woman’s place and got your own? That’s good.” “Not exactly,” I said.
   Yeah — I had a lot to catch her up on, since the last time we’d talked had been before I knew I was coming to Willowmere.
“Not exactly good?” Morgan asked.
“Not exactly moved out of Mel’s. I’m sort of at college.”
   “College? Sort of? Did you get a job? Noah, is that woman paying for this? She must want something if she is. Are you sure —”
   “Hey!” I cut her off. “It’s not like that. Yes, Mel got me into the college and, yes, she’s paying for it, but she doesn’t want anything like that.”
   Not that I’d object if she did, but I really didn’t need those thoughts in my head. I had plenty from hundreds of hot witches my own age surrounding me every day — even if Mel was significantly hotter than all of them.
“Look,” I went on, “I really am okay. Better than okay, I’m really happy
— and you’d like Mel.” “So, I can meet her?”
“Of course. I want you to.”
   “When? This weekend? Sorry — that’s probably too soon … I miss you.”
Shit.
   “I miss you, too.” I thought of how to phrase it, since we weren’t allowed to leave campus until the second semester, and that wasn’t normal for a mundane college. “We’re really busy, though — lots of classwork. It gets better in the second semester, though — at least that’s what they tell me.”
“So not until next year?”
   I could hear the disappointment in her voice, but Sam was waving an arm at me mouthing something.
“Solstice break,” she whispered after I failed to lip read a few times. “What? Oh! Hey, Morgan, Sam just reminded me that we’ll be off for
Solstice … I mean Christmas, and I’ll be back in the city for that. How about —” I thought quickly about it. “— the day before Christmas? Not Christmas Eve, but the twenty-third? I’d like to see you before Christmas.”
   I’d have to come up with a gift that would make up for how unavailable I’d been.
   “That’s three whole months … sorry, forget I said that, you must be really busy.”
   She was still disappointed, I could tell, but I couldn’t think of any way to meet her sooner. We weren’t allowed to leave campus on the weekends and there wouldn’t be a Thanksgiving break, even for Thanksgiving Day. I’d asked Sam about that and she just scowled and stomped off, muttering, “Fucking Puritans,” so apparently it was a touchy holiday for witches.
“I miss you, too.”
“Okay,” Morgan said. “So, tell me about college.”