CHAPTER FIVE

MEL WAS SILENT FOR A TIME, LETTING ME THINK ABOUT WHAT SHE’D JUST
shown me. I didn’t look at her, just stared down at the remnants of my breakfast, appetite gone — not because I was upset, far from it. I was confused, but also a little excited — after all, I’d just found out magic was real and, presumably, I could work magic?
   Yeah, I accepted it pretty fast, I guess, but what else could I do? I certainly had no explanation for floating in the air. Mel hadn’t said anything about me leaving — and the food was good, so why not run with it? This was certainly a better place to stay than any of the shelters.
   So, I could either call her a liar and run or stick around and find out more. Even if she was tricking me somehow, what’s the worst that could happen?
   I mean, aside from being ritually sacrificed to summon a demon or some shit?
   The possibility that I was the crazy one also occurred to me. I’d been mugged and hit my head on the pavement, right? This could all be some coma-hallucination while I lay in an ER somewhere. But what was the downside of acting like I believed it anyway? I’d either wake up or not … and I could think of worse ways to spend a coma than fantasizing about a beautiful MILF-witch making me breakfast.
   I looked down at the remnants of perfectly crisped bacon and fluffy pancakes.
Fuck it. Magic or the street?
“What makes you think I’m a warlock?” I asked finally.
   
   Before answering, Mel poured herself a cup of coffee and gestured at me with the pot.
   “Yeah, thanks,” I said, grabbing my cup and holding it out for a refill. I was rather proud to see my hand wasn’t even shaking.
   There was cream and sugar next to the pot, but I felt the need for something strong and bracing.
“Come, let’s sit,” Mel said, nodding toward the living room. I followed her there.
   The room was arranged with a couch along one wall, a big screen TV, one of the biggest I’d ever seen, on the other, and two chairs set to either side of the couch with a low table in the middle. A cabinet under the television had two game consoles on it. It was hard to picture Mel as a gamer.
   Mel took one of the chairs, so I took the other, then she kicked off her slippers and curled up in the chair with her coffee cup cradled against her legs.
“Where to start?” she murmured.
   I blew on my coffee, took a sip, and waited. I’d asked one question, but didn’t know enough to ask any others. I figured Mel was the expert and I could wait until she’d explained what she thought I should know before asking any more questions.
   “Before I get into the details of magic itself, let’s talk about what it means to be a warlock,” she said finally. “How much do you think you know about witches?”
   “Well, we read The Crucible last year in English class … oh, and I saw the movie with those three girls.”
Mel sighed.
   “So, first, forget everything you think you know about witches. It’s nothing like what you’ve read in the history books, the fiction books, or seen in the movies. Have you heard of a coven?”
“That’s like a group of witches?”
“Thirteen witches.” She nodded. “And one warlock.” “Why just one warlock?”
   “That will require a bit of history to fully understand, dear, but mostly because warlocks are quite rare and the ratio was, at one time, roughly thirteen to one. That and the moon’s cycle drove the structure of covens.”
“So, I’m rare? Cool.”
   
   Of course, if you’re going to have a coma-hallucination, you should be special in it.
Mel chuckled.
   “Quite rare, dear. More so than just any warlock, but we’ll get to that later.” She sipped her coffee, so I took the opportunity to drink some too — it was really good. “Now, I’ve mentioned mana — that’s what we call the power that lets us do magic. It’s generated by most living things to one degree or another, and it’s done so by what we feel.”
“Feel?”
   “Yes, emotions, physical sensations, that sort of thing. The mana generated by each has a certain aspect to it that makes it more useful for certain types of magic. Do you follow?”
“Maybe?”
   “Let me give you an example. If I were to, say, feel sad, then my body would generate mana with that attribute, does that make sense?”
I nodded and sipped my coffee.
“Mana generated by sadness is most often associated with water magic
— likely a connection to tears.”
“So a witch feels sad and she can do better water magic?” Mel nodded.
   “Yes, however it’s not the same for each witch. I could make very little use of mana generated by sadness, because each witch has what we call resonants — types of mana which resonate with them, which they’re attuned to, and each witch has between one and three of these. Sadness is not one of mine.”
   That made some sense, but it must suck for someone to have to be sad in order to do magic. Hopefully there were some better — what did she call them? Resonants?
   I wanted to ask if she could tell how many of those I had and what mine were, but stuck by my decision to let Mel tell things in her own way.
   “Two resonants is the most common,” she said, “then one, which many consider a very weak witch and is not at all the case, and the rarest is three
— there are, I think, only a dozen or two trinitara witches alive today.
Trinitara is what we call those with three resonants.” She sipped her coffee.
   “Now, if a witch had the Sadness resonant and experienced sadness, then she would be able to store the mana produced for later — we call this a
   
resonant store, in fact — but if she doesn’t have that resonant, then that power associated with the emotion is only available to her for a fleeting instance after it’s generated, then —” She flung the fingers of one hand at the ceiling. “— poof, it’s spun off into the environment and gone. That’s what you’ve been feeling — that physical sensation you’ve been having? What is it, by the way?”
“Um, sort of … tingling, I guess.” “Is it unpleasant?”
“No, it, um, feels kind of good, honestly.”
   “Good. The more mana there is to absorb, the stronger that sensation will be. It’s an unhappy witch whose resonants or perception of mana are unpleasant.”
   “Wait,” I said. Something didn’t make sense, so I had to ask a question. “You said the tingling I’ve been feeling was me absorbing that … floating mana —”
“Ambient.”
   “Fine, ambient mana, but if a witch can absorb it back and use it, can’t they just keep absorbing what they produce? Why do these resonant things matter?”
   “Ah, good question, and it brings us to one of the fundamental differences between witches and warlocks. Witches cannot absorb ambient mana, only warlocks can; and, warlocks do not generate mana, only witches do. Well, you do generate a bit, but very little — just enough to keep yourself alive and maintain some very basic shields. And the ambient mana isn’t much more for you, unless you encounter someone who’s feeling something particularly strongly and shedding a great deal of it, that is.”
   “So, warlocks are, what? Magic janitors?” I wasn’t feeling so special now. “I’m supposed to run around cleaning up all the waste magic?”
   Mel grinned. “No, you’re of more use than that. So, the coven’s warlock, through the magic that binds the coven together, can take mana from the coven’s witches, increase it, roughly threefold, and then return it to the coven’s high priestess, who then uses it to perform the coven’s rituals.”
“Oh, rituals, I’ve heard about those…”
   I thought about what I’d heard and wondered if I might be into something bad here. I set my cup on the table slowly and wet suddenly dry lips. I wondered if I could make it to the front door if I needed to.
“What’s wrong, dear?” Mel asked.
   
“These rituals … is that, um, the Satan thing? Because —” Mel sighed heavily.
   “No, it is not the ‘Satan thing’. I told you to forget everything you thought you knew about witches, so you decide to remember the ‘Satan-thing’?”
“But —”
   “Witches do not worship Satan. Or summon demons. That was a vile slander perpetrated by small-minded fools who saw a coven perform a ritual and insisted it had to be something evil.”
   It seemed to me that this was exactly what someone doing the Satan-thing would say. “Do you worship anything?”
“The Goddess,” Mel said, her mouth fell a little. “In her four aspects.
None of which, I assure you, are Satan.”
I was still a little skeptical, but willing to hear her out.
   “Okay — so no Satan worshiping or demon summoning. Do you summon anything?”
“Warlocks.” “What?”
   “A coven’s summoning ritual is to summon a warlock. That’s what the fools saw and decided it was Satan.” She sighed. “Imagine, it’s 1610 and you’re a witch in a small village. You somehow manage to find twelve other witches from the surrounding villages, but there’s not a warlock in sight? At least none you know of. What do you do?”
“Summon one?” I guessed.
   “Exactly. The forming coven rushes off to the nearest Grove and, together, use all their power to summon a warlock. One who’s nearby feels the call and finds them. He joins the coven and it is complete. Nothing at all nefarious or satanic about it.”
   I guess that made sense. If witches were rare, and it seemed they’d have to be, otherwise they’d be running everything and not need to keep it a secret, right? So if warlocks were even rarer, then having to summon one with magic made sense. Not like they could post a personals ad on the internet or something back in the 1600s.
   “Wow. So, how’d they get Satan out of that? Just not liking a bunch of girls alone in the woods?”
Mel looked away, cleared her throat, and scratched at her neck. “There … may be one other reason warlocks are wanted by a coven.”
   
“What?”
“Making little witches.” “Oh.”
   “Exactly. You see, witches and mundanes — that’s what we call people who aren’t witches — cannot have children together. Only a witch and a warlock can do that.”
   It took me a moment to get it — hey, I’d been knocked unconscious the day before and had a lot thrown at me all of a sudden. I was a little slow.
“Wait … so the warlock —” Mel closed her eyes. “Yes.” “With all —”
Mel sighed. “Yes.” “Thirteen —”
   Mel held up her hand. “Yes, please stop, dear. Yes, the warlock typically has sex with all thirteen witches of the coven. Frequently, in fact, as that’s typically the way mana is transferred from witch to warlock and back again. That and to increase the chances of a child. Witches have an extremely low birthrate — children are rare and cherished.”
   This was turning out to be one of the better coma-hallucinations possible, honestly.
“Please wipe that grin off your face,” Mel said. “Sorry, I —”
“It’s alright, I understand. You are a young man, after all.” “I still don’t see how they get from that to Satan?”
   “At the time, it was not encouraged to be an unmarried woman, especially with child; nor was it acceptable to be a man with thirteen wives.”
“Oh.”
“You see, the witches would still take mundane husbands in the villages
— often men they truly did love, quite separately from their coven and warlock — but none of the children would be his. They must sneak away on ritual nights to join the coven, and if a husband were to follow and see … well, they preferred to think they were cuckolded by Satan rather than Joseph the pig farmer two villages north. Do you see?”
“Yes … but what about the goat thing?” “The what?”
   
   I cleared my throat, a little regretful I’d mentioned it because of her tone. But I’d seen the movies. “The dude with the goat-head in all the movies. Isn’t he —”
   Mel set her coffee down, put her head in her hands, and rubbed her temples.
   “It was one coven — one, and fifteen centuries later we still hear about it,” she muttered, then sighed. “Look, it was a costume. The warlock for that particular coven had a goat costume.”
“Um, why?”
“In all times, in all places, some people have had certain … proclivities.
Witches are no different.”
I didn’t like where this was going. “Have you ever heard of furries?”

CHAPTER SIX

“SO, THEN,” MEL SAID, UNCURLING FROM HER SEAT AND SITTING UP.
“Would you like to begin exploring your own magic, now that I’ve assured you I’m not leading you down the path to darkness and damnation?”
   To be honest, I wasn’t entirely sure she wasn’t, since I only had her word that there were no Satans or demons or real goat-dudes involved, but I did want to know more.
   I nodded and Mel stood up, grabbing her cup of coffee, so I did as well, and she led me back to the stairs and down into the brownstone’s basement. The basement was deeper than I expected, with three flights of stairs before we reached the bottom, which was an open space that must have run the full width and length of the building. The walls were rough stone and the floor was old, worn cobblestones, but the open part at the back was covered in cushioned puzzle mats. Lights lined the walls, leaving the space well-lit, — well enough that I could immediately see there was a circle carved deeply into the mats covering the rear half of the space, with only a couple feet between the circle and the side and back walls. The other half of the space contained shelving and benches with boxes, jars, and cloth
wrapped packages, and behind that I saw a maze of pipes and wires.
   Mel walked to the rear of the basement, entering the circle and gesturing for me to follow.
   I looked around carefully, but didn’t see any of those five-pointed stars or anything, so stepped into the circle as well.
“Have a seat at the center, while I set the wards.”
I did as she said, lowering myself to sit cross-legged on the mats.
 Mel touched her finger to the circle and I noticed it was lined with something silvery. She muttered something, then joined me on the floor, sitting just a few inches away from me.
“What are wards? I don’t see anything.”
   “You will in a moment — that’s the first step.” She put her hands over her head and stretched, pulling the fabric of her top tightly against her, and I noticed immediately that she wasn’t wearing a bra — something made far more obvious by the slight chill in the basement compared to the rooms upstairs. I again wondered what was going on with me — it was the sort of thing I might normally notice, but not as forcefully as I did now. It was as if I had to drag my eyes away from her chest.
“Should I stretch too?” I asked, trying to distract myself. “Only if you like — I’m simply getting comfortable.”
   I didn’t say that her getting comfortable was making me decidedly uncomfortable.
“Now, close your eyes.”
   Thank you, I thought. I’d been wondering how I was going to concentrate on magic with those hard little bumps staring at me.
   “Now stretch out your senses. Think about what you’re hearing, feeling, tasting, smelling, seeing —”
“My eyes are closed.”
   “Yes, but many see mana for the first time with their eyes closed. Fewer distractions.”
I nodded — there would definitely be distractions if I opened my eyes. I concentrated on my senses one by one.
   I tasted … coffee and bacon remnants, which was nice, but not anything unusual.
   The basement smelled — not musty, but of earth and stone. Maybe a bit of oil? Was there a boiler?
   I tried concentrating on what I was seeing, but it was just the inside of my eyelids.
   I must have sighed or made some sound of frustration, because Mel said, “Just relax, dear. Concentrate on what you’re sensing, but don’t try to force it. Your goal should be to become comfortable with the space and relaxed.”
   Her voice was very soothing and I thought I might like to sit here for a while just listening to her talk.
   
   I thought I caught sight of a blue glow out of the corner of my eye, but every time I turned my head or moved my eyeballs to look closer, it disappeared.
   “Slowly, calmly,” Mel said, her voice almost hypnotic. “Wait for it to come to you.”
   The next time I thought I saw a glow, I stayed still, kept my focus where it was, and the glow grew. Suddenly, like flipping a light switch, the darkness behind my eyelids went blue — a brilliant blue with streaks of white, like lightning crackling across its surface. I realized it was a dome sitting over us, its edges following the carved circle.
“Holy shit!”
“You see something?”
“A big blue dome over us!”
   “Those are the circle’s wards,” Mel said. “It extends below us as well, and keeps us safe within the circle.”
“Wouldn’t that be a globe instead of a circle?” “Noah.” Mel said, warningly.
“I’m just saying —”
   “Do you correct people’s grammar on the Internet too? It’s been called a circle for thousands of years; we’re not going to change the name for you.”
“Fine.”
“Now, look at me,” Mel said.
I did and was nearly shocked into opening my eyes. Mel was naked.
   Well, not naked-naked — more like a bare mannequin. The blue glow and streaks of lightning covered her as well, but like a skintight suit, maybe a wetsuit, that showed her figure but not the details. Even her hair was covered in the same blue-white, but not as individual strands — more like a comic book or video game that drew characters’ hair in wide shapes.
“What happened to your clothes?” I asked without thinking.
   Then I realized something else I’d heard about witches. I’d asked Mel about Satans, demons, and the goat-guy, but I’d also heard witches were into orgies. Was she naked because there was going to be an orgy? There were only the two of us down here, so could two people have an orgy? Honestly, if there were to be orgies, would that be so bad? I might even be willing to accept a little Satan if it came with a side of orgies. Not the goat
… probably not the goat, but Mel was pretty hot, so —
   
   “I’m not naked,” Mel said, giving me a little twinge of disappointment. “What you’re seeing are my personal shields, and it’s not practical to make them look like clothing, so we just … cover ourselves.”
I didn’t think she was really that covered.
   Then I wondered what my shields looked like, so glanced down at myself, but I had none. Where my body was supposed to be, was just a sort of shadow — I managed to stop myself from asking why I looked different when I remembered my own shields were on the list of things I had to learn. “Now I’m going to lower my shields,” Mel said. “There’ll be two differences — first, you’ll be able to see the mana I’m producing and storing; second, I’ll be shedding even more of the mana I don’t resonate
with and you’ll be able to start absorbing that.” “Okay.”
   The blue-white glow around Mel disappeared and was replaced by multiple bright colors and sparkles. Her left side, head to toe, glowed a bright, bubble-gum pink, while her left was a crimson red. Her torso, except for strips of those colors around her sides, glowed grey.
   Yes, I know grey doesn’t glow, but this did — like a dark steel reflecting light.
   Around those colors sparked a dozen others, little dots and threads of colors that appeared, disappeared, and floated away from her body.
   Those that floated away from her seemed to be drawn to me, coming closer and closer until they touched and my skin began tingling. Where they touched, their colors changed, becoming a warm yellow that sank into the shadows that filled my form.
“What do you see?” Mel asked.
I described the sparkling and how the colors changed as they touched me.