When Mel had told me my primary resonance was Control, I hadn’t fully understood — I’d understood that I could make people do things with that power, but not how I’d fill it. There were urges filling me now that I thought must have to do with that — to roll over on top of Sam, pin her beneath me, and see what other sounds I could draw out of her.
   But I also didn’t want to scare her by going too fast — and I knew this was about more than just our bodies, too, it was about merging our magic.
I broke off the kiss and opened my eyes.
   “Can I look at you?” I asked, knowing she’d understand I meant her magic.
Sam bit her lower lip again and nodded. “Can I?” “Yeah.”
   I lowered my shields and looked at Sam as she lowered hers. We’d done this before, often, for Mel’s class, but this was different. It was somehow more intimate than doing it for class.
   When we’d first merged our shields for class, looking at Sam was like looking into a dark void. The mana she generated was muted and dim. Looking at her now was like seeing a rave when the lights were out and there were glowsticks everywhere.
   Her body was a dark void with glowing strands twisting and turning about, with a different color for everything she was feeling. They started deep within her, floated to the surface, and then faded quickly as they left her body. Some of those that floated off came to me — not all, but a few. My body sucked them in, absorbing the mana, and I could feel my own resonant stores start to fill with mana — but slowly, and I felt an urge to stuff them full with the magical energy I saw in Sam.
   I didn’t know what all the colors meant — I couldn’t remember all of the rapid-fire set of emotions Mel had thrown at me when we were trying to figure out my resonants. I figured Sam was feeling a lot of what I was — nervous, anxious, and all the rest.
   She didn’t shed the mana that matched my resonants, not one of them, anyway, and I saw some of the strands she generated sucked into her own resonant stores.
   Her primary resonance was still empty and achingly dark. It broke my heart to think of how that must feel.
Her secondary was mostly empty too — the resonant for Pain I’d given
her.
   
   Her third, though, made me smile — Lust, glowing bright and visibly filling as I watched.
   I began to understand the witches a bit better — their seeming obsession with harvesting power. Just looking at Sam’s power, I felt an aching hunger deep inside of me, equal, almost greater, than the one in my pants.
   I felt the urge to drain her, to take all of that power for myself, and disappointment that she didn’t have more for me to take. Ideas for ways to increase the mana she was generating and fill those quicker started flashing through my mind.
   I ran my fingertips along the lower edge of her bra and watched to see what would happen.
   More Lust floated up, mixed with another color — a light green that made me think of spearmint. The spearmint wasn’t captured, it floated off Sam’s body and my skin tingled where some shadow of it came to me.
   Then I realize some of the spearmint was being captured. Strands of pink Lust when they touched the spearmint wrapped around them and dragged them to her resonant store.
   In class, they’d talked about complementary resonants, where even if a witch didn’t have a resonant for something, if it was somehow related to one she did have, then she’d still gain some additional mana from it and it wouldn’t all be shed.
   I thought the spearmint might be … Pleasure, maybe? That was related to Lust, right?
   I experimented, trailing my fingertips from Sam’s chest down her belly noting how the spearmint brightened as I got to the more sensitive skin, and even more when I gently used my nails — at its brightest, Sam bent her head back and moaned.
This is so cool, I thought. It’s like having the cheat codes.
   I trailed my fingers back up to the edge of Sam’s bra and she shivered. This time I ran my hand over her bra letting my palm fall to cup her breast. I could feel the hard nub of her nipple pressing against my hand through the thin fabric.
Sam moaned again and arched her back into the pressure of my hand.
   Since her back was off the bed already, I decided to take advantage of that and slid my hand around her side to her back where I felt at the bra’s clasp.
   
   I fumbled it a couple times, the thing was complicated, then figured it out. Her bra came loose and she collapsed back to the bed as I ran my hand back up her side and underneath her now loose bra to cup her breast again, this time skin to skin. For all Sam’s complaints about their size, it seemed to fit perfectly in my hand as I gently caressed, feeling her nipple harden even more against my palm.
   I watched the Pleasure and Lust she was generating spike again, and I swear I started salivating at the thought of tasting that power. If I didn’t know vampires were real, I’d wonder if warlocks were actually the root of vampire myths, as I felt the sudden urge to bury my teeth in her neck.
   I didn’t think I was this much of a pervert, I thought — but the thought quickly faded as Sam moaned again.
   I pushed her bra up, exposing her to me, and spent a bit of time just looking. Yes, small, but beautiful, with pale skin topped by pink — her nipples were small too, but prominent and growing more so now that they were exposed to the cool air of the room.
   I took the little nub of her nipple gently between thumb and forefinger and gave just a little pressure.
“Oh,” Sam sighed. I grinned.
   I squeezed a little harder, watching the spearmint brighten. Then harder still, because the spearmint and cotton candy kept coming.
   I squeezed until dim strands of red, a cherry-red, started appearing and filling her Pain resonant. I figured that was the limit — and reduced the pressure, but then I saw those red strands were being picked up by the pink as well — entwining with both pink and the green — and Sam hadn’t stopped moaning. If anything, she’d grown louder and started squirming beneath my hands.
I squeezed just a little bit harder.
   “Oh!” Sam moaned, as the cherry brightened and single strands began filling Sam’s secondary store, as well as entwining even more so with the pink.
   That’s … unexpected, I thought. Does her having Lust and Pain … mean that she likes it?
I pinched harder. “Oh, Goddess!”
Well, I don’t want to hurt her…

   Louder moans and she clenched her fingers, one grasping the bedding and the other the inside of my thigh.
But if she liked it, it wasn’t hurting her, was it?
   I squeezed her nipple a little more and she threw her head back, her face contorted, so I hesitated and let up on the pressure a bit.
“Don’t…” Sam moaned. “Stop…” Was that: Don’t. Stop. Or don’t stop?
   I released her nipple, despite the cheat codes telling me she was still enjoying it.
“Is that too much —”
   “Don’t stop! Don’t stop!” Sam screamed, fumbling for my wrist and dragging my hand back to her breast. “Goddess, this is so much better when someone else does it!”
   I grinned as I caught her wrist and drew both her hands above her head, wrists crossed. I held them there with one hand while I brought the other back to her breast and grabbed her nipple again, squeezing harder than before and pulling up, stretching it.
“Go… Go… Goddess, yes!”
   All signs pointed to her liking that, but I was still a little worried — the skin of her breast was stretched taut and it looked painful. You know, it looked like that should hurt a lot even if she was enjoying it, and I didn’t want to leave a bruise or leave her sore afterward so she might regret things she’d enjoyed in the heat of the moment. I released her nipple and she cried out, but then I covered her nipple with my mouth and the moans started again.
   The little nub was hard and had a rougher texture than her skin as I ran my tongue over it.
   While I worked on her nipple with my mouth, I trailed the fingers of my right hand down her side, across her belly, to the edge of her skirt. Sam kicked her feet against the side of the bed, raising her hips to press against my hand.
   As much as I wanted to tease her more and build things up until she begged —
Where did that come from? Beg?
   I couldn’t explain how the thought of her begging me to move on and fuck her already turned me on, but that made my own situation worse, as
   
my cock was already harder than it had ever been, and folded uncomfortably inside my pants.
   I took my mouth from Sam’s breast and trailed little kisses and licks down to the edge of her skirt.
Her belly trembled against my lips. Now I just had to get her skirt off.
   I needed both hands for that, but as soon as I started to release her arms, Sam moved them, so I got a grip on her wrists again and planted her arms firmly against the mattress.
   “No, just leave them there,” I whispered, then released her wrists and trailed my fingertips down her arm so I could concentrate on her skirt. I wanted her to be still and concentrate on what she was feeling, so her body would keep generating that delicious mana.
   Sam was generating the grey mana of Control now, as I’d told her to do something and she complied — and I swear those strands felt different, better, as she shed them and my resonant sucked them in.
   I tugged at the edge of her skirt, but the band wasn’t very elastic, so it must have some sort of catch — I felt around the side and then slid my hand under her. She arched her back and rolled toward me a little bit and I felt the zipper at the back of the skirt, pulled it down, and then found a second little catch at the very top. I fumbled that until it came loose and Sam immediately started squirming and kicking her legs to get the skirt off.
   I sat up, keeping one hand on her belly because I didn’t want to stop touching her, and tugged at the skirt. Once it was at her knees, Sam’s kicking guided it rest of the way until she flung it across the room and spread her legs wide.
That was all the invitation I needed.
   I trailed my hand down her thigh to her knee and then got off the bed to kneel between her legs. Sam thrust her hips at me, but stayed on the bed with her arms stretched above her head.
   I noticed again that she was keeping her hands where I told her to, and was surprised at how satisfying I found that. The position did … something. She looked so exposed and vulnerable.
   Starting at her knees, I ran fingertips up the inside of both her thighs, stopping at the silky soft crease where her thighs and hips met — that was just at the edge of her panties and she squirmed from side to side, trying to
   
get my hands to pass that border, but I moved with her, keeping my fingertips where they were.
Her panties had a damp spot and I felt a little relief at that.
   I knew that she was doing this for reasons other than desire — because she wanted to be part of a coven, to get away from her Family, to try and find a place in the world, so I’d been worried a little. I really wanted this to be something she enjoyed, not just something she accepted — and all the moaning could have been faked. Well, I didn’t see why she would’ve faked liking her nipple squeezed so hard, but what did I really know? Seeing the mana she generated, even knowing what it meant, was still so new to me, that maybe I didn’t trust even that.
   The dampness soaking through her panties and the heat I felt even with my hands a few inches away reassured me that I was at least making it good for her.
   And then I just couldn’t wait any longer to tease her more — I wanted to taste her and then I wanted to be inside her.
   I grabbed the top of her panties and pulled them down, sliding backward out of the way so she could close her legs enough for them to come off.
I got them past her knees and she lifted one leg out of them.
   “Please,” Sam whispered, spreading her legs and grinding her hips as though there was something she desperately wanted just out of reach.
   I took a moment to appreciate the view. Sam had shaved, leaving just a triangle of curly red hair rising from the top of her slit. The sides were completely bare and her lips opened like a blooming flower as she spread her legs, exposing her glistening, almost dripping, opening.
   Sam moaned and kicked her feet, trying to get her legs around me. She got one foot behind my head and tried to pull me toward her, but I resisted, grinning even more as she whined at that.
“Please,” she whispered. “Noah, please? I want to feel you touch me.” That was all the encouragement I needed. I didn’t waste any more time.
I grasped her legs high up on her thighs and pushed them farther apart, making her lips spread even wider, then dove forward, plunging my tongue into Sam’s pussy.
   I licked, starting at the bottom, driving my tongue as deep as I could, and licking up until my tongue covered her clit, where I swirled it back and forth.
   
   Sam screamed — truly screamed, and if I hadn’t been able to see the thick, thick and bright, threads of Pleasure forming in her, I would’ve thought I’d done something to hurt her.
As it was, I knew she liked that. So, I did it again. And again.
   Over and over, long deep licks from bottom to top, then spending some time working her clit before repeating.
   Sam bucked her hips with each stroke, pushing herself hard against my face and driving my tongue deeper and harder against her.
Her juices tasted sweet and tangy and I lapped them up eagerly.
   Hormones and writhing hips seemed to be approaching a peak — at least I couldn’t imagine how there could be much more without something giving. Sam was straining, muscles tense. Her stomach rippled and her arms strained as though there was really something holding her hands above her head.
   I gave her one more lick, then concentrated my tongue on her clit while I slid a finger inside her — that got an even bigger reaction, and I added a second finger, not plunging them in and out, but reaching inside her and massaging the upper wall of her channel. She was wet and warm around my fingers, and the flesh I was massaging felt puffy and swollen.
   The more I licked and massaged, the louder Sam got — until she let out a long, low, guttural groan, and her body tensed.
   Her pussy clenched around my fingers, holding them tight, and I knew she was coming.
   It seemed to go on and on, and I found I could almost control it — if I lightened the pressure on her clit or slowed my massaging fingers, Sam would start to relax, still clenched around me, but easing a bit; while if I increase the pressure and speed her reactions increased again.
   I played with that for a bit, dialing her up and down at my whim, and wondering if, with some practice, I could get her to eleven.
   I grinned at the thought, and at the satisfaction I was feeling at controlling such obviously pleasurable sensations.
   Finally, my own desire grew to the point I couldn’t take it anymore. Sam’s moans, the taste of her, the feel of her tightly gripping my fingers all combined to give me an erection that was now causing me physical pain.
   I undid my pants with one hand, still not letting up on Sam, and pushed them down to my knees, then rose up to stand between her spread legs.
   
   Sam whined as my lips left her clit. Then again, as I withdrew my fingers.
“More, please, more,” she moaned. “Don’t stop.”
Shit, I thought, the condoms are in my backpack.
“I have to — get the thing,” I said, taking a step back. “What … thing?” Sam whined.
   “The thing,” I said again, hoping she wouldn’t open her eyes and see me waddle across the room with my pants around my knees to get one. “I left them in my backpack.”
   “Oh.” She hooked her legs around me and pulled hard to draw me back. “No … it’s okay.”
“But —”
   “Witches know their bodies — it’s safe,” she gasped. “And besides … children are a blessing.”
   I let her draw me back toward her until the head of my cock brushed against her lips again, thinking about what she’d said. Not having to use a condom because she knew when it was safe was one thing, but it made me think about what I was getting into starting a coven. It wasn’t just magic and sex, it was starting a family too — and I was just eighteen.
   Did I really want to start having kids — and kids with maybe thirteen girls even. I looked down at Sam, whose face was scrunched up as she tried to pull me closer and closer to her with her heels, and thought about being inside her, my seed filling her, taking root, and then watching her swell with my child.
Did I want that? Was I ready for that?
   “Fuck, yeah,” I whispered. Maybe not this time, but I wouldn’t be upset if it happened.
   Sam stopped whining and gasped when I pressed the head of my cock harder against her folds.
   I entered her slowly and gently until just the head of my cock was inside her, resisting the urge to slam my hips forward. I wanted to take her, hard and fast, and, I’ll admit, almost brutally, but this was her first time and I wanted it to be as an enjoyable as possible for her. There’d be time, I hoped, to take her the way I wanted later. Given her reaction to having her nipple pinched, hard and brutal might be a thing she wanted too. But later, not now.
   
   I also remembered why we are doing this in the first place. Something that had slipped my mind in the thrill of watching Sam’s reactions and seeing her body. It was so different now than when we’d been teasing each other with our nudity. That had been like a game. Yeah, it had turned me on, but this was so different — this was seeing her and knowing I could have her. I’d almost forgotten that I was supposed to be marking her. That meant I needed to think about more than the physical.
   I looked at our mana, and extended my resonants toward hers as I had after she took the potion. The sensation as I touched those was very much again like what I felt now from my cock entering her. It must’ve felt the same for Sam, and was a surprise to her — she’d been unconscious after the potion, after all — because her eyes flew open.
“Fuucckk! What is that?”
   I grinned and eased deeper inside her with both my cock and resonants, coordinating the motions as one — it felt every bit as good as I’d suspected it would. Better, even.
   Sam closed her eyes again and threw her head back. “Fuck yes, Maiden’s dripping … whatever that is keep doing it!”
   I eased everything deeper still, until our resonants seemed to fully connect with an almost audible click that sent a physical tremor through us both. At the same time, I fully filled her with my cock, a little disappointed that about an inch of me was still outside.
“Oh! Goddess, I’m so full!”
   I slowly withdrew until I was almost out of her, then pumped forward again — I didn’t want to do that with the resonants, because I needed to stay fully connected to mark her, but I knew I was going to experiment with that another time.
   I grunted with frustration as I realized I couldn’t get all of myself inside her — I was hitting the back wall of her channel, leaving maybe an inch of my cock outside her. I wanted more. I wanted to feel myself inside her to the root, feel her pressed tightly against my belly and thighs. At the same time, that impact was driving me crazy with the knowledge that I was completely filling her.
   I thrust again and the motion pulled a high-pitched whine from Sam as I withdrew, followed by a low moan as I entered her again.
“Eeee … ooooh … eeee … oooh!” I withdrew and entered her again.

“Eeeee!”
   I noticed that her face scrunched up, scowling, lips drawn back in a grimace on each “eee”, then softened on the “oh” as I filled her again. It was one of the most adorable things I’d ever seen.
   Sam’s reactions were so entertaining that I almost didn’t notice how it felt to me, but when I did, it was everything I’d thought it would be. Her pussy gripped my cock like it didn’t want to let go — warm and wet with a delicious friction as I pumped into her.
   My resonants seemed to be physically throbbing, and I could feel the mana Sam had stored pulsing against them, tickling — at least the two, and I was reminded again how empty and sad her primary was.
   I couldn’t think about that right now, though, because I needed to start the marking.
   I’d learned the process, at least the basics, but they seemed more like guidelines than instructions, because they said it was different for every warlock depending on their resonants and affinities, and I’d have to act almost on instinct the first time until I learned what it all meant to me.