IT WASN’T until dinner that I had a chance to ask someone to explain the whole Patriarchy thing Mel had mentioned in class. The food was just as good as the night before, and the cafeteria was just as stare- and whisper-prone toward me, as well.
   I settled in with my dinner, lasagna and breadsticks with a salad Sam made me take, then asked the girls about it. The witch in the serving line had even asked me which piece of lasagna I wanted — gooey middle or crunchy edge — and given me one of the two corners left when I pointed, a choice she hadn’t been giving the girls ahead of us.
“Okay, so what is this about war with the patriarchy?”
   I was a little afraid I’d now fallen in with some feminist cult. Not that I was opposed to feminism, I just thought some people went too far with it — past equal and into just hating on guys.
“What about it?” Hannah asked.
   “What is it?” I said. “The only patriarchy I’ve heard of is, like, women’s salaries and glass ceilings and stuff like that.”
   “You have to remember he knows nothing,” Sam told Hannah, then turned to me, spearing a cherry tomato from my salad and popping it into her mouth and chewing. “No, it’s not a bunch of old men secretly controlling the world to keep women down and in their place.”
I nodded. That was good to know.
   “It’s a bunch of old men secretly controlling the world to keep witches down and in their place,” Sam went on. “Women in general are just collateral damage.”
   “They lost a lot of power after Salem,” Rachel said. “Once the Veil started taking hold and people stopped believing in witches and other things, they couldn’t use fear as much to control people.”
   “So, wait, what?” I was having trouble wrapping my head around it being an actual thing. “It’s a real thing?”
Sam nodded.
   “Sort of? It’s the Patriarchy of Delphi — they formed in opposition to the Oracle there.” Sam shrugged. “Maybe they got tired of the Oracle saying ‘I told you so.’”
“What do they do?” “Everything,” Brittany said.
“Everything harmful to witches,” Hannah added.
   
   “They didn’t have much power until Rome took over,” Rachel put in. “The Greeks never really listened to them. Things really started getting bad with the Veneficiis.”
“The what?”
   “The Lex Cornelia de Sicariis et Veneficiis,” Hannah said. “Roman law in 200BC that —”
“Eighty-one BC,” Rachel corrected. “Whatever, ancient times are all the same.”
Rachel looked a little offended at that, but Hannah went on.
   “It started as a law against poisoners and assassins, then they used it for women accused of witchcraft.”
   “It always starts with the poisoners,” Brittany added. “They did that whole mistranslation thing with the Christians.”
“That was later,” Hannah said, “it started with the Romans.”
   “Yeah, the Romans really had it in for us — Augustus, Tiberius, Constantine. They all had edicts against witches.”
“Assholes,” Sam muttered.
   “Then came the Synod of Elvira, the Council of Ancyra, the Canon Episcopi — every couple hundred years there’d be something new and more witches died.”
“What are all those?” I asked.
   “Those were all from the Church,” Sam said. “See, what the Patriarchy would do is infiltrate mundane institutions and try to twist them against us.” “My grandma says the Christians were pretty cool in the early days,”
Rachel said.
   “Don’t get me wrong,” Sam said, “it wasn’t all Christians, they were just the ones in power in Europe and that’s our history. The Patriarchy fucked things up all over the world, though.”
“Things got really bad later,” Hannah said.
   “Yeah, the Middle Ages were rough. The Inquisition, the Malleus Maleficarum, then later the Würzburg and Bamberg trials, Pendle, and finally Salem.”
   “They were a lot less active after Salem,” Sam said. “That’s when the Veil was created.”
   Mel had talked about the Veil, something that hid witches, and other things, from the mundanes, making most people think such things didn’t really exist.
   
“How was that created?” Sam shrugged.
“It was —” Rachel cut herself off and looked down at her plate. “What?” I asked.
Rachel shrugged. “I’m not supposed to say — it’s just a family story.” “Why can’t you say?”
“It’s a privacy thing. I think there was an oath.” “Oh.”
   Rachel looked around at the rest of us, all of whom, including me, were looking disappointed. I wanted to know as much witch history as I could and this seemed like a big deal.
“I can say … somebody did something.” Hannah snorted.
   “It was a ritual,” Rachel went on, “and someone sacrificed something big. That’s all I can say.”
“I heard that too,” Sam said, “but never any details.”
   “Anyway,” Rachel said. “The Patriarchy started losing a lot of influence after that. They still get people worked up once in a while, though, and attack us directly when they can.”
   “Yeah,” Brittany said, “and every time they start something innocent mundanes take the brunt of it. Those Satanic daycare center hoaxes in the eighties?”
“Patriarchy,” Hannah said, while the other girls nodded.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
“SO, WHAT’S THE BIG SECRET?” SAM ASKED.
   I was cross-legged on my bed in pajamas while she’d just come out of the shower and our room was filled with warm, moist air scented by some sort of fruity wash. Her hair was wrapped in a towel and the rest of her was covered by a fluffy white robe.
   Well, mostly covered, since she drew one leg up onto her bed so she could begin painting her toenails, which exposed a lot of leg — I was pretty sure she had some pajama shorts on under the robe, but the expanse of exposed skin led me down thoughts of — I had thoughts, okay?
Sam cleared her throat and I jerked my gaze back to her face.
   “You are such a guy,” she said, returning to applying the tiny brush to each toenail. “Secret?”
I nodded at her toes.
“Are you going to do that the whole time?” Sam held up the bottle and brush.
   “This is what girls do when they’re sharing secrets.” She nodded at my bare feet. “Unless you’d like me to —”
“No, thanks,” I said, quickly tucking my feet under my blanket. Sam laughed.
“You should consider it — help you fit in.” “I’ll pass.”
   “Hmph. So … secret? Or are you having second thoughts? It’s okay if you are.”
   
   I was having second thoughts, but not because I didn’t trust Sam to keep it secret — I was afraid of what might happen to our new friendship. Mel made such a big deal about the Control resonant and Command affinity that I was worried, even if Sam kept it a secret because she’d promised, she might still decide she wanted nothing to do with me.
“No second thoughts,” I said. “Just worried.” Sam frowned.
“Must be something serious — come on, tell me.”
   “Probably easier to show you — we have to do the shield-sharing exercise Mel gave us anyway.”
Sam’s eyebrows went up.
   “Something to do with your resonants?” She held up her nail polish and brush. “Can I finish this and let it dry a little or should I wipe it off?”
“Go ahead and let it dry.”
   I wasn’t sure if waiting was better or worse — on the one hand, it put off Sam maybe being scared of me or something; on the other, it gave me more time to worry about it.
   “Good — so in the meantime, what’s up with you calling Magistra Blackwood ‘Mel’? Last night you told Rachel and me about having dinner with her and stuff, but not how you know her in the first place.”
   “Oh, that.” I realized that, yeah, Sam and Rachel had been so busy asking me about Mel that they hadn’t bothered to ask how I knew her, so the topic of me living there for the last few months never came up.
   “‘Oh, that.’ Yeah, oh, that. You’re on a first name basis with the most powerful witch in the Western Hemisphere and you say, ‘oh, that’.”
“The whole hemisphere? Really?”
   Sam nodded. “Maybe the world? Baba’s probably more powerful than The Blackwood, but nobody’s seen her for decades, so she could be dead. Anyway, how? Spill it!”
   “She, um, got me into the school. I was sort of staying with her over the summer after I got out of foster care.”
Sam stopped painting.
   “You say ‘I stayed with The Blackwood over the summer’ pretty damn casually, too. How do you even know her and how could she get you into Willowmere? All the spots are taken years in advance, the only thing that
—”
Sam stared at me for a moment.
   
   “You’re a Blackwood legacy? How? The Blackwood doesn’t have any living family — that’s part of the whole … thing about her.”
I shrugged.
“She said we were probably related — distantly. Very distantly.”
   “But close enough to be a legacy admission? Crone farts!” She screwed the cap back on her nail polish, stared at me for a minute, then frowned. “Wait — that’s not the secret?”
   I thought about it for a minute — Mel hadn’t told me not to tell anyone that, just not about the Control and Command things. And being a trinitara, which was along the same lines. She hadn’t said anything about our relation being secret.
“No, I think she expects that to come out.”
   Sam raised her hands in the air and slammed them down into her mattress, leaning forward with wide — and a little scary — eyes.
   “You have a secret bigger than being a Blackwood legacy?” She grabbed up a cloth and began scrubbing at the polish on her toes. “Oh, Maiden’s tears, fuck the toes I need to hear this!”
   She wiped the last of the polish off her toes, then swung her feet off the bed and leaned toward me, holding out her hands.
“Gimme! I want to know whatever this secret is.” I put my feet on the floor and took her hands.
   “Okay,” she said, “here’s how this works. We push our shields out, then as they touch think of them merging, rather than pushing the other back. Like soap bubbles, okay?”
I nodded and closed my eyes.
“You still have to close your eyes? Shit. Sorry, I didn’t mean —”
“It’s okay,” I said. “We’ve established that I know nothing, remember?” “Still sorry. I shouldn’t have said it like that.” She took a deep breath.
“Ready when you are.” “Okay.”
   I slowly expanded my shields away from my body, watching as Sam did the same. The lightning-striped blue grew off each of us and touched. I could feel the pressure of her shields on mine like a light touch, but instead of resisting it, I willed mine to open, spreading to the sides with hers so that our shields formed an open conduit between us.
   It was surprisingly easy. Much easier than I’d expected and probably the easiest work I’d ever done with my shields. The edges where our shields
   
met and merged were seamless, with streaks of white running across the blue, uninterrupted from my side to hers.
“You’re good at this,” Sam said. “So, what am I looking for…”
   Her words trailed off and I waited, swallowing hard and clenching my jaw in the hopes she wouldn’t freak out.
“Mother’s milk … you’re a trinitara?” I nodded.
   “Of course you are. Trinitaras ran in the Blackwood line. Run, still, I guess,” she added quickly, then paused.
   My heart was hammering in my chest, waiting, but even as our joined shields allowed Sam to see my resonants, I could now see hers and I frowned, then my shoulders slumped as I realized what I was seeing.
   Sam’s resonant, her only one, was so small and dark. Like an acorn buried deep inside her, too deep to ever see sunlight. I suddenly understood what it meant when she said she was a onesie with a useless resonant — not just that she didn’t have much power, but that she’d never felt what that resonant store should hold.
   I met her eyes with mine and something of what I was thinking must have shown on my face.
   “Shit,” Sam muttered, pulling her hands from mine and crawling back into the corner of her bed.
Our shields snapped apart and I could no longer see into her core. “Sam, I’m —”
   “Don’t you dare say you’re sorry! Don’t you fucking dare.” She crossed her arms over her chest as though to keep me from seeing it again, then took a deep breath. “It’s nothing I’m not used to.” She barked an angry laugh. “That’s just me — the littlest onesie, right?”
   Something deep inside me wanted to move over to her bed and put an arm around her to comfort her, but I knew that wasn’t what she wanted. Maybe she needed it, but she sure didn’t want it, and I didn’t know her well enough to force the issue.
“Okay, I won’t,” I said instead. Sam sighed.
   “No, I’m sorry,” she said. “It’s not fair to take it out on you — you didn’t have anything to do with it.” She laughed again. “Aren’t we a pair? Goddess-cursed power bookends — from nothing to everything.”
“I don’t think I have everything,” I said, a little defensive at the thought.
   
   “No? You’re a Blackwood trinitara — any Family matriarch would cut off her left tit to get you to join.”
“Why would I want —”
   “They’d give you anything you want, okay? Crone’s piss, my mother would probably kill her warlock and mark you herself if you wanted to be at the top of the Family.”
“Come on —”
   “No, really — okay, maybe not.” She paused, thinking, then nodded. “Yeah, she would. Most of the Family heads would, I think. You could ask for anything … anything and they’d give it to you.”
“I don’t want anything from them,” I said.
   “Why not?” Sam looked genuinely puzzled. “The most powerful warlocks have … everything. What do you want?”
   I thought about what Mel had told me life was like for a warlock in the Families.
“I want to be able to go to a movie,” I said. Sam shrugged.
   “And? Every estate I’ve ever seen has a bitching home theater — we get all the new stuff, even prereleases.”
“I want to go to a movie at the mall and have a cinnamon bun after.” “Oh.” Sam frowned. “No, you can’t do that — they’d dart you like an
escaped gorilla.”
“There’s an image I didn’t need.”
   Sam finally uncrossed her arms and moved forward to sit on the edge of her bed again. I guess she’d gotten over the embarrassment of me seeing her resonant and my reaction — at least for the moment.
“So, what do you want to do if not join a Family?”
   “Mel thinks I should form my own coven and try to get powerful enough that we can defend ourselves from the Families.”
   “That’s nuts — there hasn’t been a warlock-led coven in a hundred years, maybe more.”
I shrugged.
“That’s what Mel thinks I should do.”
   Sam thought it over and pursed her lips. “A Blackwood trinitara? Maybe it works.” She gave it some more thought. “So, what’s your third resonant? It’s hard to tell with warlocks because you refine the mana and it all looks the same.”