CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

“WAKE UP, IT’S HALLOWEEN!”
   I groaned and tried to dig farther into the corner between my bed and the wall where I already was because of Sam turning on the damn light.
   “Go away, it’s Sunday!” I was a morning person usually, but one day a week I liked to sleep in. Apparently, that was too much to ask.
   “Halloween!” Sam yelled, pressing on my mattress to bounce me up and down.
I groaned again. Then I tried to think, what day was it? “It’s the first — Halloween is the thirty-first.”
   “Halloween month!” Sam grabbed my arm and dragged me toward the edge of the bed. “Come on, you’re going to need a big breakfast to keep up your energy today!”
“You have got to be kidding me.”
   The light and the lingering scent of Sam’s potion slowly cooking on a hotplate in the corner finally drove me to get out of bed. The potion had been simmering for over two weeks and the smell hadn’t improved a bit.
   Sam pulled my arm again, dragging me to a sitting position, then shoved a pile of clothes into my arms.
“Get dressed while I brush my teeth!”
   She barely gave me time to brush my own teeth before dragging me out of the room where I shared looks of sympathy with a couple groggy first-years whose roommates had suddenly also had manic-breaks.
   Downstairs, it seemed like the whole school was trying to get breakfast at once, which I’d never seen before — the girls usually straggled in over
   
the course of several hours. Now, though, the cafeteria was bustling with activity and everyone seemed to be shoveling their breakfast into their mouths as quickly as they could.
   “I hope I get cobwebs,” Sam said around a mouthful of pancakes — a little drip of syrup escaped her mouth and dribbled down her chin and I resisted the urge to reach out and swipe it away with my finger. “I can pull a mean cobweb.”
“What are you talking about?”
   “Decoration teams,” Rachel said as she and Hannah joined us. “I want animatronics.”
   Hannah snorted. “You’re too short for animatronics — you have to be tall enough to get the heads on.”
“They have ladders,” Rachel muttered eating a spoonful of yogurt.
   “Did I miss assignments?” Brittany asked breathlessly, setting her tray down so quickly she almost dumped her milk all over the table.
“No, they’ll do them after.”
“After what?” I asked. “What the hell is going on?”
   The cafeteria went dark, and like someone had thrown a switch on them too, every girl there went completely silent — even the constant cafeteria background noise of silverware on plastic trays ceased.
“What time is it?” an amplified voice screamed into the silence. “Halloween!” Every fucking girl in the cafeteria screamed back at the
top of her lungs, making me cover my ears against the assault. “What! Time! Is! It!”
“All! Hallows! Eve!
“What time! Is it!”
“Samhain! Samhain! Samhain! Samhain!”
   The girls chanted, clapped, and stomped to the rhythm filling the dark cafeteria with sound. I looked around in amazement, half-expecting them to drag a rope-bound virgin out on the stage for sacrifice. Then the crowd went silent again as a booming bass cord cut across the chant.
The lights came on.
Flashing, strobing, floodlights, and spotlights in all colors.
   Which was extremely odd, since they were coming from places I could have sworn there were no lights just a minute ago.
   Then, to music worthy of a multi-level marketing promotional video, the bounciest girl I’d ever seen bounced onto the stage. Her ponytail
   
bounced, her skirt bounced, her boobies bounced… What? You’d notice too.
   “Hi, everybody, I’m your All Hallows Eve event coordinator this year, Cassia Lightfoot!”
“Hi, Cassia!”
   “Yes, those Lightfoots! And no, I won’t!” Cassia yelled with a cocked head and wide grin.
All the girls laughed. “Won’t what?” I asked Sam. Sam shushed me.



“YOU KNOW,” I said, lifting the left leg of a twelve-foot, hydraulically wired skeleton just a little bit more so we could line it up with the pelvis we were attaching it to. The quad was filled with other witches doing similar work — or pushing crates and boxes from wherever they were stored, to as far as I could tell, everyplace on campus. “I would’ve thought witches would take Halloween a little more seriously.”
   “Oh, we take it seriously,” Sam said sliding a cotter pin in place to hold the leg on.
We got started connecting the hydraulic lines between the leg and torso. “You know what I mean — there’s a robotic werewolf over there, at
least three pallets of fog machines, and I’m pretty sure that was a real dead body that went by a minute ago.”
The last of the lines went together with a click.
   “Look,” Sam said as I stood and offered my hand to help her up. She took it and I pulled her up, then she dusted the seat of her jeans off. “Witches were persecuted for centuries. We were hanged, burned, beheaded, drawn, quartered, drawn and quartered —”
“I get it —”
“We were stuck with pins, dunked in ponds, weighed against ducks —” “That was a movie,” I said.
   “Whatever. The point is, this is a serious time for witches. It’s a time when we remember and honor the memories and spirits of those witches
   
who were tortured and murdered simply for being what we are. It is a somber, reflective —”
“With werewolves?”
“You’re Goddess damned right with werewolves!” Sam said, grinning.
She threw her head back. “Aaarrooo!”
   “Aaarrooo!” the call got taken up by every witch around and passed across the quad and through the school buildings in an expanding wave.
   “Seriously, it’s a time where we celebrate being free from that. We celebrate that, after those centuries, even millennia, of persecution, the mundanes have finally forgotten about us.” She gestured at the giant skeleton. “That their thoughts of us have been reduced to this — that the more garish and ridiculous the decorations they put up, the more ridiculous and unbelievable the idea that we exist becomes.”
I nodded. “Okay that makes sense —” Sam shoved me hard and laughed.
   “You are so easy! Lighten up, it’s the free candy. Half the school is going to glamour themselves down to twelve years old and hit that rich neighborhood on the southeast side of town.”



I LOST count of how many animatronics we assembled during the course of the day — there were skeletons, werewolves, some kind of thing that was mostly fabric on a wire stretched between the roof of the admin building and the dorms, and enough fog machines to run a rock tour.
   All around the quad and along the path to the athletic field different booths and scenes were being set up. By the end of the day, I was practically an expert on all the hardware — we had animatronics that were pneumatic, hydraulic, electric, and some powered by a box I was pretty sure was just magic, but couldn’t figure out if we were using magic for some of these why all the things looked so typically fake.
   “Why the physical displays? Couldn’t the teachers just glamour up something?”
   Sam stared at me for a moment. “How would that be any fun?” She frowned and cocked her head at me as though I just said the dumbest thing
   
she’d ever heard. “Besides, we don’t want them to look real, we want them to look like Halloween.”
“What’s the difference?”
   “You’ll see,” she said. “Here, hold this head while I pull the wires out, they’re all stuck down in his chest cavity.”
   By the end of the day, the campus had been transformed. It looked like some kind of demented fair or amusement park.
   There were booths and displays absolutely everywhere, and it looked like an entire medieval village had been erected on the spellstick field, complete with animatronic cows and sheep, — all of which mooed and baaed in distress every time the roaming pack of werewolves got too close.
   The werewolves were actually a little scary — I knew that underneath, they were just six of those four-legged robots from some company in Boston, but they’d been covered in fur, and had articulated tails and a head whose muzzle was pulled back in an eternal snarl.
   They roamed the campus with a team of witches carrying laptops hurrying after them and every hour or so they’d start sniffing the ground and then chase one of the students until she managed to get inside a building. The handlers said they were “calibrating” the things, but I was becoming more and more certain that the robots were doing it on their own. Dinner that night was the most subdued I’d ever seen the Willowmere cafeteria — everyone was exhausted, and that included me. Even the bouncy Cassia Lightfoot looked tired and failed to bounce when she took
the stage midway through dinner, but she did manage a little excitement. “Fantastic job today everyone!”
“Thanks, Cassia,” came the subdued reply.
   “I’m thrilled to report our status is — done!” There were some muted cheers. “So, enjoy your dinner and get a good night’s rest, because starting tomorrow we’re going to be busy, busy, busy!”
   “How can we be busy if we’re done?” I asked Sam. “And done with what? What’s all that stuff for?”
“It’s for Halloween,” she whispered back, “now shush.”
   “And!” Cassia was going on. “I’m thrilled to say our bookings are now at eighty-six percent! That’s a new record for the Willowmere Witch Fest — and it’s going to be the best one ever!”
“The what?”
   
   Rachel finally took pity on me, I think, and explained while Cassia went on and on about the great job everyone had done.
   “You’ve heard of stuff like the Halloween Nights some amusement parks put on?” Rachel asked.
   “Well, yeah,” I said — I’d never been to one. Not many amusement park visits in foster care, after all. “So, the college does some kind of haunted house or something?”
   “This is what we do,” Rachel said. “Nothing too scary —” I’d debate that, having seen the utterly terrifying robot werewolves. “— just fun stuff and a little history thrown in.”
   “Why? If we’re trying to keep witches secret, doesn’t that do the opposite?”
   “I told you all day,” Sam cut in. “It’s about making the mundanes not believe in us — and if they somehow start to, then make them think we’re not so bad. Think about it — would you have believed the college putting on a month-long Halloween Faire with all that camp was full of real witches?”
“Nope,” Rachel said.
   “And if you did find out later that they were real witches, would you think they were that bad after they gave you popcorn and cotton candy every year?”
“And let you ride the werewolves?” Rachel put in. “And make candy potions,” Hannah said.
“And play hide and seek with the ‘witch’ in the village,” Brittany said. “But most of all it’s fun,” Sam said.



DINNER ENDED EARLY and we all went to our rooms — it was early, but we were tired.
About an hour before curfew, there was a knock at our room’s door. “Come in,” I called.
   Sam and I were both in my bed — no, not like that, we were just watching videos on the same laptop and it was the easiest way to do it. We were each tucked into a corner with the laptop in the middle opposite us, so
   
we could see the screen. Hardly even touching each other, except when one of us stretched a leg too far.
   The door opened and Rachel came in. She smiled at me — well, almost, before ducking her head so I couldn’t see that she was smiling. Then she looked at Sam.
   “Oh,” she said. “I didn’t know you’d both be here, Sam, I thought you were going to the library — sorry, I can come back later.”
   “Too tired — but don’t go, it’s fine,” Sam said. “We’re just watching stupid stuff — time to stop anyway. Come on in.”
   “Okay,” Rachel said, but she seemed to be a little hesitant — more so than usual, even. She came over to the bed and I saw she had a plate with a cupcake on it. “I was just in the cafeteria and they only had one left, so I thought you might —”
   “Dibs!” Sam called, launching herself forward and nearly knocking the laptop off the bed as she grabbed the cupcake. “Ooo, mint frosting!”
   “Hey!” I protested as she took a huge bite, swallowed, and stuffed the rest in her mouth.
Rachel was staring at her, eyes wide and mouth slack.
   “You owe me for last week when I gave you my pie,” Sam told me, “so get over it.”
“You said you didn’t like pie!”
   “I don’t, but I do like cupcakes.” She licked frosting and chocolate crumbs off her fingers. “Thanks, Rachel.”
Rachel didn’t move.
Sam frowned. “You okay?”
   “Um,” Rachel said, “oh, no.” She covered her mouth with her hand and backed away. “I, um, have to go now.”
   She spun around and dashed from the room, and if it wouldn’t have been so out of character for the shy girl, I’d have sworn I heard a muttered, “fuck.”
“What’s up with her?” I asked.
   “I don’t — oh, no,” Sam said, groaning and smacked her forehead with one hand. “She wanted to give you the cupcake. Maiden’s blush, I told you she has a crush on you — and I messed it up. Crap.”
“You think?”
“Yeah, that’s why she said she’d come back later. She only brought one.
For you.”
   
   I wasn’t sure how I felt about that — I liked Rachel, she was fun and I got a kick out of teasing her, as well as watching her go ballistic at spellstick games. She’d been coming to our room to watch spellstick with us — with me, maybe — about every other night since Cassandra’s horrible trick. On the other hand, I wasn’t sure if I liked her in that way, you know? She was cute and sweet, but I thought I was too new to the whole witch culture thing to start dating. Did the witches even call it dating? They probably had some weird name for it.
“What should we do?”
   Sam sighed. “I’ll talk to her tomorrow — maybe drop a hint or two about something more special than a cupcake she can do for you. It’ll be okay.”