CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

THE SENSATION OF HARD, COLD GROUND BENEATH MY BACK WOKE ME. THAT
and the contrast with soft, warm bodies on either side of me — and a bit on top where arms and legs were draped.
   I blinked to clear my head, which didn’t help a bit, as my mind and vision were still foggy from the mead.
So much mead, I thought, accusing my earlier self.
   A bit more awareness and the soft bodies resolved into Sam and Rachel, one on either side and so tightly pressed against me that I could feel the rise and fall of their breasts as they breathed even through my clothes.
   Or not, I realized, as I noted my shirt had disappeared sometime during the night.
At least I still had my pants on…
I do still have my pants on, don’t I?
   A quick check confirmed this, and that, a bit to my drunken disappointment, both Sam and Rachel were still fully clothed.
I raised my head and looked around the clearing.
   The school’s Grove was empty and dark save for two of the torches still burning with low flames and a couple other bodies of passed out students littered around the area. As I held my head still to stop the spinning, a couple stumbled out of the tree line, clutching at each other for support, and staggered down the path back toward the school buildings.
   That struck me as a fine idea. The empty Grove clearly meant the Samhain ritual was over and we should all get back to our rooms for a little sleep before classes started in the morning. I doubted any of the teachers,
   
even those who’d been part of the ritual, would make allowances for mead-fuzzed answers in their classes.
   “Sam? Rachel?” I whispered, nudging them both. “We should get back to our rooms.”
“Mmph,” Sam uttered, while Rachel squirmed closer to me.
   That wasn’t unpleasant — far from it — but as shy and easily embarrassed as the girl was, I thought it was probably something I should put an end to before it went far enough to really embarrass her.
Or she exploded.
   “Hey,” I whispered louder, nudging both girls a little harder. “We should get up and — ow!”
   I sat bolt upright, dumping Sam off me and dragging Rachel along as dead weight by the teeth she had latched onto my right chest.
“Huh? What?” Sam asked, sitting up and holding her head.
Rachel let go as I clutched at where she’d bit me and leapt to my feet. “You bit me!”
“Who?” Sam demanded, looking around. “Rachel!”
“What? No, I didn’t!” “You did — look!”
   I clutched at my chest, but in the dim moonlight there wasn’t anything to see. Still, I could feel the indentation of tooth marks as I rubbed at it.
Sam stood, swaying, and peered at my chest. “I don’t see anything.”
“Why do you have your shirt off?” Rachel asked.
   I swayed a bit myself, now that the adrenaline rush of being bit was wearing off.
“I don’t remember,” I admitted.
   “If you’re too drunk to remember taking your shirt off,” Sam reasoned, “then you’re probably too drunk to remember who bit you.” She looked around the mostly empty Grove, head wobbling and eyes blinking. “Could’ve been anyone — lots of drunk witches here.”
“Yeah!” Rachel agreed.
   “No,” I said, pointing at the ground. “We were laying right there, both of you were cuddling up to me, then I tried to wake you up and Rachel bit me.”
“Cuddling you?” Sam asked.
   
   “I never,” Rachel added, shaking her head, then closing her eyes and reaching out for something to steady herself with. “Oohhh…”
   “Sounds like wishful thinking,” Sam said. She looked around. “We should get you back to the room — you’re drunk.”
“Yeah,” Rachel agreed.
   Both the girls took a step, swayed alarmingly, then tilted their swaying toward me until they crashed into me from either side.
   “Here,” Sam said, pulling my left arm around her shoulders. “I’ll help you back to the room. You’re drunk.”
“Yeah,” Rachel said, pulling my right arm around her.
   We managed three steps down the forest path before Rachel stopped walking, causing Sam and I to pivot around her.
“What?” Sam asked, once we’d finally stabilized. Rachel was staring at my bare chest and frowning. “Who bit you?”



WE STAGGERED our way back to the residence hall and the walk made my thoughts run in some odd directions. First, my thoughts laid out the situation:
I was drunk.
I was sandwiched between two beautiful witches.
   I was shirtless, so their arms touched my bare skin, as well as their faces when they lolled against my chest.
   I’d just come from a witch ritual filled with half-naked hot-witch teachers and drunk-witch dancing.
   I’d spent the last two months on a campus filled with hot-witch students and hot-witch teachers.
   Before that I’d been stuck at Mel’s … who was, at least, on the top five hot-witch list of hot-witches. Maybe top two? Magistra Fallowell was really hot, but that was because of her magic. Some of that was because of her magic. Maybe Mel was number one.
   Anyway, when I hadn’t been stuck at Mel’s, she’d been taking me to topless bars.
   
   And one of the two beautiful witches with their arms draped over my shirtless back and, Goddess help me, rubbing her boobs against my bare chest as we staggered on, had asked me to have sex with her for the first time on the Winter Solstice in two months.
I was drunk. And horny.
   I was drunk and horny with two beautiful witches hanging off me, so this was clearly the time to evaluate my life and make some serious decisions.
All I could think about was having sex with Sam in two months.
Two months.
   Sometimes it’s worse to know something you want is coming and have to wait for it than to think it’s not something that’ll happen.
   I watched my roommate out of the corner of my eye as we staggered across the quad, seeing her in a new light. I hadn’t really paid attention to Sam as a girl since shortly after I’d come to Willowmere — she’d slotted quickly into the friend-roommate category.
   After she’d drunk that potion and then asked me to mark her, I’d been too relieved that she was okay to really think about what that meant — then the whole Willowmere Halloween Faire had taken so much of our time that I still hadn’t really thought about it.
Now I was thinking about it. Hard.
Thinking about it hard, not … well, yeah, that too.
I realized the next two months were going to be absolute hell.
   And I was thinking drunk — in hindsight, I do not recommend thinking drunk.
   I thought about the times I’d seen Sam nearly naked or in her pajamas in our room, which was basically every night, and how I’d never noticed before how sexy her damn pajamas were.
   Not that she really wore sexy pajamas, but that pajamas in general are a little sexy — and I don’t think there could possibly be unsexy pajamas.
   And I was going to have to see that every night for two months before I could get her out of those pajamas.
Shit, I thought. This is going to drive me batshit.
No, there was no way I was going to last two months. Maybe I could suggest something that might ease things?
   
   Sam would be open to something like that, right? I mean, maybe she’d want to sort of … ramp-up to the Solstice. Get used to the idea. Ease into it.
   I pondered that as we entered the quiet residence building and made our way up the stairs.
   Both girls were having trouble with the stairs, sagging next to me. That put more and more of their weight on my shoulders and I had to grip them tighter so they wouldn’t fall down — but that also meant I had to slide my hands around their sides to grip them tighter, and as they sagged and slid down with every step my hands wound up just under their boobs.
I pondered harder.
   We made it to our floor and I found myself simultaneously cursing and blessing Willowmere for not installing elevators.
   Sam mumbled something as I tried to figure out how I could open the door to Rachel’s room without one of them sliding to the floor and making things even more awkward and difficult.
“Where are we?” Sam mumbled.
   “We’re nearly at the room,” I whispered. “Just need to get Rachel to bed and then we can go to sleep.”
   “Oh.” Sam took a deep breath and straightened, which at least freed up one of my arms to open Rachel’s door.
   “She’s very drunk,” Sam said as she helped me get Rachel to her bed, then arrange her comfortably and take her shoes off. “Where’s your shirt?”
“I don’t know,” I said.
Sam pouted. “I liked that shirt.” “So did I — Mel got it for me.”
   Sam tucked a pillow under Rachel’s head and we left the drunk girl snoring.
   “I can’t believe The Blackwood picks out your clothes,” Sam giggled as we walked the remaining distance to our own room.
   I was too busy pondering to protest that, and I realized that I was going to have to say something to Sam or the next two months would be too much. I mean, what were we supposed to do? Just go on as roommates and friends as though nothing was changing, then show up on the Solstice and have sex?
   No, that would be too weird. We’d have to find some not-weird way to work our way up to it.
“Say, Sam?” I said as I closed the door.
   
“Yeah?”
   We sat across from each other on our beds and I realized I had no idea what I was going to say.
   Dammit! I cursed myself. This has to be my Lust resonance. That’s the only thing that explains how I can’t think about anything but sex right now. No normal eighteen-year-old guy who’d just been told he was going to get to have sex with his totally hot roommate in a couple months would be this obsessed and unable to think about anything else, right?
“What was it you were saying?” “Um…”
“Why are you so red? Are you feeling okay? Do you have a fever?” Sam reached forward and put the back of her hand against my forehead. She must’ve had a fever because her hand felt like it was burning me.
I took a deep breath.
   “I was thinking … that just showing up … on the Solstice might be weird,” I managed. “And maybe … we should do something … some things … between now and then to work up to it, so it won’t be so weird.”
   Yeah, weird, I told myself, we both said it was going to be weird, and we should try to make it un-weird. This makes excellent sense.
“Like what?”
   Okay, okay, what do I suggest — what do couples do first? It can’t be, like, just to date — Sam and I spend all our time every day together as it is. Doing something together is just Tuesday. And it can’t be romantic, because that would be weird — this is just a thing we’re doing as friends, and it isn’t romantic. Which is weird, which is why we need to work up to it.
What about kissing? Kissing is good. Weird, to think of with Sam, but good. But that’s romantic and it’s touching, maybe touching is too much. It would be hard to touch her like that for two months without being able to do more until the Solstice. What isn’t touching?
   Seeing! Seeing is not touching — we even say look but don’t touch because we know they’re not the same thing.
   So, seeing — what can I see? What have I seen? New pajamas, I was just thinking about the sexy of pajamas. So, what can we do to … ease forward toward the Solstice seeing … less pajamas! That’s it!
So, we could start with, her … not wearing … pajama bottoms? Yeah?
Yeah.

“Noah? Why are you just staring at me? And why are you grinning?”
   Okay, quick! Ask her to start sleeping without pajama bottoms because that’s not touching!
   No! She will bargain! We need a bigger ask so we can compromise on pajama bottoms! I took a business class — I need to set the negotiations anchor!
   “I want you to start sleeping naked!” I said, calmly and with drunken confidence in the power of my argument.
Sam looked at me.
She raised an eyebrow.
“Because…” She drew the word out in a long breath.
   “Because it’s not touching or romantic!” I laid out my first argument. If I’d had a mike, I’d drop it.
   Sam nodded, clearly being won over by the power of my mead-fueled rhetoric.
“It is not touching and certainly not romantic,” she agreed.
   Getting agreement to one thing is an important step in persuasion, I remembered that from my high school business class too.
   “And starting with not touching will help ease us out of the weirdness toward the event of the Solstice!”
   Sam nodded again — my arguments were undeniable. This level of persuasion could only be something boosted by my Command power. Was I unconsciously using that? I didn’t want to use that on Sam, but starting the path to not-weird was more important.
“Oh, no, we would not want any weirdness.”
   Sam grinned — clearly happy with the path my logic was taking, then she gave me a puzzled look.
   “So, you want me to sleep naked, so that the … Event —” she gave it finger quotes. “— of the Solstice…” She paused, furrowing her brow and biting her lower lip. “Will not be … weird.”
I nodded. “Exactly.”
“Hmhmh, I see. To ease us into things.” “You understand.”
Sam chewed on the inside of her cheek staring at me. She nodded.
“Okay.”
Sam stood up and headed for the bathroom.
   
“Grea — wait, what?”
   I leaned forward to look toward the bathroom and Sam stopped halfway there. She looked back at me over her shoulder.
“I agree,” she said, walking to the bathroom again.
   I heard the water in the shower turn on, and Sam’s head popped around the door frame.
“I agree, so now I’m going to take a shower.”
   Her head disappeared and a moment later her sweater flew out of the bathroom to land in a heap in front of the door.
“And I’m going to leave the bathroom door open,” she called. Her shirt followed the sweater.
“Now and every time I shower.”
Her shoes clunked to the hallway floor.
   “Until…” A hand stuck around the corner to make air quotes. “The Event.”
   Brightly colored socks fluttered through the air like celebratory streamers, followed by her pants.
“So, you can see me naked…”
Oh, my God, Goddess, both of you, that was her bra — it’s so lacy…
“Any time you want from now until then…”
   I nearly choked as Sam’s hand appeared around the door frame again, this time holding a tiny pair of white panties. They weren’t lace or anything, just plain white cotton, but I think that made it unbearably worse.
Sam dropped the panties and poked her head back into the room.
   She grinned — but it was a kind of grin I’d never seen on her face before. It was a grin that promised things — I don’t know exactly what things but I wanted the things.
“But you can’t have me until the Solstice.”