CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

“WHAT ARE WE WHISPERING ABOUT?” SAM ASKED AS WE ARRIVED AT THE
onesies table with our lunches.
   Hannah and Brittany were already there and they were the source of Sam’s question, since we’d seen their heads together whispering the whole time we’d been getting our food and crossing the cafeteria to our table.
   I slid my tray on the table and sat down while Sam did the same next to Hannah.
Brittany leaned over the table. “There’s a party,” she whispered. “A party?” I asked.
   “Ssshh!” Hannah shushed us. She quickly looked around the cafeteria. “Don’t let the teachers hear.”
“It’s a secret party?” Sam whispered. Brittany nodded.
“The mundane college is having a party at the Cove.” “What’s the Cove?” I asked.
   “It’s a beach in the State Park next to campus,” Sam told me. “There’s this big lake — the campus has some shoreline on it too, way back past the Grove.”
“Brittany and I are going,” Hannah said.
   “Brittany’s a first-year,” Sam said. “We’re not allowed to leave campus until next semester.”
   “Who’ll know?” Brittany asked. “The party’s Friday night, so there’s no curfew, and we can get there through the forest behind the Grove.”
   
   “We won’t have to go through the front gates,” Hannah said. “We do this every year and never get caught.”
   I perked up a bit. I’d been on campus for two and a half months and before that at Mel’s, where the only times we went out were to topless bars and clothes shopping. I admit I was going a little stir-crazy and this sounded like a safe opportunity. The biggest danger to me off-campus was some witch Family deciding to risk the wrath of both Mel and Prima Rosethorne by grabbing me — but the only witches at a party like this would be girls from Willowmere.
“That sounds fun,” I said.
“What?” Sam asked. “You want to go?”
   I shrugged. It probably wouldn’t do to tell my friends I might like to meet some … normal people. Yes, I was a warlock. Yes, I’d accepted that. But I hadn’t been raised in the witch culture and while I wanted to learn and adopt that new culture, I’d grown up pretty mundane. It might be nice to attend a party that didn’t have a pack of robotic werewolves.
“You could get in trouble,” Sam protested.
   “Like for sneaking into the forbidden section of the library and stealing a book?”
“That had a point.”
“So does going to a party,” Hannah said. “What point?”
   “Boys,” Brittany blurted out, then flushed red and began paying studious attention to her lunch.
“You seriously can’t wait until next semester?” Sam asked. “That’s next year,” Brittany said.
“It’s only two months,” Sam said.
   As someone who was only midway through a wait that was “only two months”, I could sympathize with Brittany.
   “If you can’t get to a party until after the mundane Christmas, then all the good guys are taken for the year,” Hannah said. “Trust me, I’ve seen it every year.”
   “So, I’m going,” Brittany said, not looking up from her plate. “I have four years here before I graduate then probably wind up staying on my Family’s compound full time, so I don’t want to waste any of it.”
Sam shrugged. “If you want to risk it, fine, but I’m out.” “Noah?” Hannah asked.
   
All three girls were looking at me.



“NO,” Sam said.
I slid back into the bathroom and checked the mirror.
“What’s wrong with it?” I asked, stepping back into the main room. “Too mauve,” she said, then went back to her potions homework.
   “It’s purple.” I checked myself out in the mirror again. “I think it looks good.”
   “That,” Sam said, closing her potions book and coming to stand behind me in the bathroom, “is mauve. Almost lilac.”
“Mel thought it was the nicest shirt she bought me.” “It is nice.”
“So, what’s the problem?”
   Sam sighed. “It’s nice in the ‘oh, look how handsome my ward is. He’s such a nice young man’, not in the ‘damn, that guy’s hot, I think I’ll skip class tomorrow to have sweaty, sticky monkey-time with him’.”
“I’m not planning to have monkey-time with anyone,” I protested.
   I just wanted to have a couple beers and meet people. Honestly, I was more excited about talking to guys than any of the college girls — a conversation about football or hockey instead of spellstick would really hit the spot.
   “I’m not saying you have to go full-monkey.” Sam left the bathroom and opened my closet. “But if you come back without any stories about at least a boob-feel or a particularly grindy dance, I’m going to be very disappointed in you.”
“If you want a grindy-dance, you should come with.”
   “Nope.” Sam pulled two shirts from my closet and held them up to me, frowning. “I’ve gotten in enough trouble this year, I think, with more coming when we get back from Solstice. I don’t need to get caught sneaking off campus — neither do you, really. But if you’re going, I expect to live vicariously through you.” She nodded and shoved a shirt into my hands. “This one.”
   “Fine,” I said, stripping off my purple shirt and exchanging it for one that was brownish — it would probably look better with my jacket anyway,
   
since that was sort of brown.
   “Hannah says the place is only a few hundred yards off campus,” I said, “straight through the woods, and the seniors are going to cast some kind of spell to obscure the path. The teachers will never know we’re gone.”
   “Uh huh,” Sam said and I got the impression she didn’t believe that — but Hannah said the girls had done this every year and never gotten caught. The Cove was just a short walk from the school grounds — in fact, the wards around that area had extra effects to keep hikers in the State Park from wandering onto the campus.
“Just don’t get caught,” Sam said, pushing me out the door. Brittany was waiting in the hallway.
   “Come on,” she whispered. “Most of the others already left — if we miss meeting Ada and Isabella, we won’t have any glamour to cover us.”
   We hurried downstairs, trying to look as nonchalant as possible. Just a witch and a warlock out for an evening stroll before getting back to studying. Nothing to see here. Take no notice of the two dozen other girls surreptitiously leaving the dorm building and wandering in pairs and trios past the sports field and into the tree line.
We’re so getting busted; I couldn’t help telling myself.
   “Nice shirt,” Brittany said once it became clear we were well within the herd of students heading for the forest and wouldn’t miss it.
“Thanks.”
   A few yards into the forest we caught up with the main group and joined them in waiting for the last of the stragglers. In total, about forty girls were milling about, then two of the seniors gathered everyone closer and started casting a spell.
   I tried to watch what they were doing, wanting to get an idea of the intent they were putting into the spell and how they were manipulating their mana for it — I figured a spell that could hide forty students from the Willowmere faculty would be worth knowing — but I kept finding my eyes drifting away from them to look at trees and leaves, almost as though even the casting of the spell encouraged others to look elsewhere and not notice it.
   Then they finished casting and started off deeper into the forest, gesturing for the rest of us to follow.
“Hey.”
I glanced back and found Hannah coming up next to Brittany.
   
   “Sorry I’m late — my roommate couldn’t decide if she wanted to come or not and I had to stand in the doorway for, like, five minutes waiting for her to figure it out.”
   I started hearing music up ahead and then lights started showing amongst the trees.
“Hey.”
   That was from my other side and I turned to find Katrina from potions catching up with us.
   “Hi.” I checked on Hannah and Brittany, but they’d started drifting away as we walked, engrossed in conversation with each other.
“Can I walk with you? Do you mind?”
She sounded hesitant, so I made sure my tone was upbeat. “Sure!” I looked around. “No wingman? Or is it wingwitch?”
   Katrina laughed, covering her mouth with her hand as I’d seen her do in potions when we were flirting.
“My roommate chickened out,” she said.
   Our pace slowed as the girls ahead of us bunched up at the edge of the forest. The two senior girls were holding us there and only letting two or three at a time leave the trees. The music was louder now and the lights brighter — most of the light coming from the headlights of cars and trucks parked on the edge of the party, as well as a couple large bonfires down at the lake’s edge.
Finally, it was our turn and I left the trees with Katrina walking beside
me.
We made our way into the heart of the party where people were
dancing, talking, and generally messing around. I took a brief look at the mana being generated and found more Lust floating around than I had at the strip club. College students are apparently a horny bunch.
   The Cove was a large, open space in the forest on the shore of the lake. A gravel parking lot with a road leading out made up the forest side, with a sandy beach area where the bonfires were going made up the lake side. There were some log buildings that looked like concessions, closed now, and stacks and racks of canoes, kayaks, and other beach stuff that were probably for rent when the weather was nicer.
   Part of the parking lot was ringed off by cars and trucks and those were the ones with their lights on, making a brightly lit area where I saw some tables with kegs set up. Between the two areas someone had set up a DJ
   
booth in the back of a truck and the gravel lot in front of that was filled with people dancing. The music was mostly a heavy, pounding bass with some techno sounds thrown in and very little in the way of words.
   “So,” Katrina asked, “uh, do you want to get a drink then maybe dance or something?”
   My first thought was to forgo my plans to stick to the mundanes at this party. Our flirting in potions had ramped up a bit recently and maybe Katrina did want to hang out with me, more than just that her roommate had bailed on her — then I remembered the extra flirting had begun shortly after Sam’s incident with the potion when word I was a trinitara got out. Did she really want to spend time with me, or had she gotten word from her mother, like so many of the witches, and was trying to get me into her Family?
   That the question even had to enter my mind just made me sad and more determined to spend the party with normal people who didn’t know anything about magic.
Not that I thought I had good odds of picking up a college girl, but at least I’d know they weren’t trying to trap me into anything. It would be easy to tell the witches in this group, too, since I could just look and see if someone had shields. A quick look confirmed that, showing me that most of the girls, and all of the guys, at the party were simply mundanes — mundanes shedding a lot of mana, too, making my skin tingle as we walked through and my body absorbed it.
   “I was planning to just wander around and watch people,” I said, quickly cutting off Katrina’s start of a smile and nod with: “We could meet up later and do some dancing if you want?”
   Katrina’s smile fell as she took the hint and I felt a little shitty about that. If her roommate really had bailed on her, then she’d be alone at the party — probably the first mundane party she’d ever been too — but there were plenty of other Willowmere students she could catch up with.
“Oh, okay. Um, I’ll see you later then.”
   Katrina walked off and I almost called her back, but I didn’t want to be around magic or witchcraft tonight — I just wanted to talk to normal people.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

NORMAL PEOPLE SUCK.
Normal parties suck.
At least that quickly became my opinion.
   I tried a beer for the first time — nobody was checking IDs — and discovered I really preferred wine or mead. There were some wine coolers around, but only the girls were drinking those and I never did figure out where they came from. I wandered around with my red cup for a while, occasionally raising it to my lips but not really drinking the beer anymore.
   Eventually my wandering reached the dancing and I sort of merged with that, moving my way through the crowd, half-walking and half-dancing my way toward the beach and the bonfires. A few girls started dancing with me on the way — there were more girls than guys doing the dancing — but none of them wanted to talk. They were only interested in a dance partner and most moved on pretty quickly when they noticed I wasn’t very good at it.
   There was a sort of greenish-brown type of mana they shed just before they turned to dance with someone else, even another girl, but I couldn’t figure out what that one meant. Maybe disappointment in my moves?
   Anyway, I left the dance area for the beach and bonfires where there were a lot more couples and mixed-groups just hanging out and talking, along with some groups of just guys.
   I caught a couple conversations about sports as I wandered around and joined those for a bit, but I quickly found that, one, I hadn’t been following football or hockey at all since arriving at Willowmere, so wasn’t up to speed
   
on anything they had to talk about, and, two … I kind of preferred spellstick.
   It was quite a bit more intricate and complicated than the mundane sports, with each team’s combination of magic creating unique strategies for offense and defense, where every game was completely different than the last. There was more action than football, since the game only stopped for penalties, and, honestly, more violence than hockey. I’d never seen a hockey player try to set an opponent on fire.
Plus, the witch players were a lot nicer to look at. It wasn’t just the sports talk I found disappointing.
   All the conversations seemed a little boring. The mundane college classes couldn’t hold a candle to Potions or Rituals, and the mundane college drama didn’t stand a chance next to the witches.
   Had I really changed so much in just three months at Willowmere that I couldn’t relate to normal people anymore?
   Or had normal people always been this boring and I just hadn’t had anything to compare them to?
Eventually, I wandered away from the crowds and sat on the beach.
There were a few others nearby, mostly couples doing what couples do.
   It was colder here, away from the crowd and the fires, and I was glad for my jacket. I wished I’d thought to bring a blanket like the couples around me, but I had to put up with the cold sand I was sitting on. I was far enough away from the fires and headlights to make out the reflection of the moon and stars on the lake water.
   I started feeling very alone, like I didn’t fit in with either world — mundane or witches.
“Taking a break?”
Hannah came up behind me and plopped to the sand beside me. “Pondering my place in the universe,” I said, looking back to the
moonlight on the water.
   “Heavy thoughts for a party.” She gestured at my half-empty red cup with her full one. “Refill?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think I like beer.”
   “Then you won’t miss this,” she said, taking my cup in her other hand and draining it.
   I raised an eyebrow, wondering how many she’d had before the full one she carried now.
   
“What about you?”
Hannah shrugged. “Not my scene anymore, I guess.” “No?”
   “I’m a senior, so this is my last year.” She took a big gulp of her beer. “Back to the Family after this.”
   I thought that would be even more reason for this to be her scene, since it would be a last taste of freedom before heading home to join a coven, and said as much.
   Hannah shook her head. “No coven for me. Onesie, remember?” She took another drink. “Even if I do have a decent affinity — just not enough power to warrant a coven. I’m thinking of applying for a job at the school.”
“At Willowmere? Why?”
   “My Family doesn’t treat onesies well. At least at Willowmere the teachers treat everybody the same — and the school even lets staff who aren’t in a coven join in some rituals. Or at least watch them and receive a blessing after. My Family’s covens are all very strict and private.”
“Oh.” There wasn’t much I could say to that.
   Hannah looked back at the mundane college kids dancing and drinking around the bonfires.
   “The first couple years I liked this,” she said, then faced the water and took a long drink. “Last year I met a guy. I really liked him. Too much.”
“Too much?”
   She nodded. “And he liked me too much. I think … I think he was going to ask me to marry him.”
“What happened?”
Hannah shrugged. “I had to break up with him.” “Why?”
She snorted. “What else?”
   “Well, if you liked him and you know you’re not going to be in a coven, why not keep going and see where things led? I mean, if you weren’t in a coven then you don’t have to worry about hiding that from him, right?”
   “I don’t think you understand how bad that is.” Hannah took a deep breath. “If I got serious with a mundane, I’d never be able to go back to my Family. Even for visits. My Family wouldn’t change anything about how they act and so I couldn’t take him to visit … how could I tell him he wasn’t allowed to come with me to meet my ‘parents’? Or that, no, you can
   
only meet my mom? Dad? Yeah, he’s alive, but I don’t see him because he’s always with his coven. No, it was best to end things with him.”
She glanced back at the party and shrugged again.
   “I don’t want to go through that again. Witches and mundanes just don’t work out.”
   “Even as friends?” I asked, thinking of Morgan and the difficulties I always had explaining, or not mentioning, parts of my new life.
   Hannah shrugged. “Maybe if you never, ever wanted your friends to visit you at home. Family compounds are pretty different than mundane houses.”
   We sat in silence for a while. I didn’t really think about things, just stared at the moonlight on the water — I suppose you could call it wallowing.
Hannah finished her beer and stacked her empty cup in mine. “Want to head back?” she asked.
   “Yeah,” I agreed. I’d wallowed enough to understand whatever place I might have in the world was with the witches, not the mundanes.
   We both stood. I took the empty cups to dispose of on the way or back at school.
   By some mutual consent, Hannah and I didn’t walk back through the main party, but instead took the shorter way between the closed concession stands toward the path back to campus. It was darker there, with the buildings blocking the light of both the headlights and bonfires. It was some sort of service path between the buildings, lit only by a single bulb over one of the concession’s back doors.
   As we walked, I felt Hannah take my hand. Maybe our mutual discovery that the party scene just wasn’t for us had brought us closer, maybe too much beer on her part, maybe her memories of the guy she’d broken up with last year and knowing I was someone she didn’t need to exclude from her world — maybe a combination of all three. I didn’t even consider that she was a witch and, like all the witches at Willowmere, she’d probably received some kind of message from her mother and Family to try and snag me — Hannah had been my friend from the first day, so it never occurred to me, I just gave her fingers a gentle squeeze and walked on.
   It was when we were halfway through the space between two of the concessions, fully hidden from the rest of the party when two figures
   
stepped out of the shadows to block the way ahead of us — then I heard the crunch of footsteps on gravel from behind us as well.