CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

“NOAH ASHE AND PRISCILLA HEARST,” THE SCHOOL’S INTERCOM VOICE
interrupted  Magistra  Nightingale’s  class.  “Please  report  to  Prima
Rosethorn’s office.”
   I looked around the lecture hall to find all eyes on me, including Magistra Nightingale’s. It was a week after Sam and I got out of the clinic and things were back to normal … except for the part where everyone now knew I was a trinitara and that Sam was now a trinitara and the whole school was back to staring at us both and whispering.
“What did you do?” Sam whispered.
I shrugged. “I don’t know — I don’t think I did anything.”
   “Magellus Ash,” Magistra Nightingale said. “If you could perhaps comply more expeditiously it would reduce the disruption to my class which I find already excessive.”
I hastily stuffed my notebook and pens into my backpack and stood. “Sorry, Magistra,” I said, hurrying down the steps and closing the door
quietly behind me.
   I spent the walk to the administrative building trying not to think about why I might be summoned to Prima Rosethorn’s office.
   I couldn’t think of anything I’d done recently, but that didn’t mean I hadn’t violated some obscure magic rule that made little or no sense to me. There were, after all, quite a lot of them.
   Prima Rosethorn’s receptionist didn’t even have me sit, she just waved me into Prima Rosethorn’s office, and I wondered if the first thing I should do was ask to have Mel present. Even though I was eighteen, one of those
   
obscure magic rules seemed to be that a witch not in a coven wasn’t really treated as an adult, but rather had their Family, or head of Family, act as some sort of guardian. Since Mel was my sponsor at the school, she was the closest to that and Prima Rosethorn seemed to treat me as her ward rather than an adult.
   I decided to wait and see exactly what it was about before asking for Mel to be there, because I didn’t want to interrupt the class she was teaching over what might be nothing.
   Prima Rosethorn wasn’t at her desk, instead she was in her office’s seating area, sitting with two other people around a low table that had a tea set and a tiered tray of cakes and small sandwiches.
   I started to feel a bit of relief, because nothing could be too bad if it came with tea, right?
   “You sent for me, Prima,” I asked, noticing that another student was one of the people sitting there. Priscilla — Hearst, I guess? I’d never really learned her last name. She was part of Cassandra’s clique, but seemed to be more of a hanger-on and hadn’t really given me or the onesies any serious trouble.
“Yes, Magellus Ashe,” Prima Rosethorn said, rising. “This is Sororix
Hearst, Priscilla’s mother. She’s asked to have a word with you.”
   The look on Prima Rosethorn’s face said she was displeased about something — I didn’t know if that was Sororix Hearst asking, or the fact that it involved me. I wracked my brain trying to think of anything I’d done to Priscilla that might have pissed her mother off, but couldn’t come up with anything. If it was Cassandra’s mother, then I’d understand, because the snide remarks and my comebacks hadn’t ceased at all there.
Sororix Hearst rose too and approached me with her hand out. “It’s so nice to meet you, Noah,” she said. “May I call you Noah?”
   I took her hand, which she presented in that sort of halfway between a handshake and expecting it to be kissed. I didn’t kiss her hand — I briefly clasped her fingers between mine and released it, which seemed to satisfy her.
“Um, sure, it’s nice to meet you too, Sororix Hearst.” “Please, call me Carla.”
   I nodded, not sure how I felt about that, since her smile seemed very fake and all my senses seemed to be screaming that there was something very odd about this and I should be careful. I didn’t think I’d said or done
   
anything to Priscilla that her Family might complain to Prima Rosethorn about, since I really hadn’t interacted with her that much — most of my conflict with that group had been straight with Cassandra.
   “Please, have a seat with us,” Sororix Hearst said, waving her hand at an empty seat as her smile grew even wider. “I believe you know my daughter Priscilla already?”
“Not really,” I said, taking a seat. “Hi, Priscilla.”
   “Hi,” Priscilla said faintly, looking down at her feet — which was pretty unusual for her, as part of Cassandra’s clique she was usually just as bold as the rest of them. She seemed almost embarrassed, and I really wanted to know what was going on.
   “Really?” Sororix Hearst asked, retaking her own seat and staring at Priscilla with narrowed eyes and thin lips. “I was certain you two would’ve had time to get to know each other by now.”
   Priscilla mumbled something and I noticed she was looking at me with wide eyes and a sort of pleading expression.
   Now I thought I understood. Priscilla’s mom, like Samantha’s and others, had probably told her daughter to get close to me in the hopes that she could mark me and drag me into their Family, but Priscilla hadn’t. I don’t know if that was because she didn’t like the idea of doing it, or if she just didn’t like me enough to try, but either way I was angrier at her mother for that kind of bullshit than I could be with Priscilla, and it didn’t seem fair for her to get in trouble for it.
   “What I mean, Sororix Hearst, is that I really haven’t had time to get to know many people here yet — this is all so new to me, and there’s classes, and coursework, and I really only had time to speak to Priscilla a few times, not really enough to get to know her well.”
“I see. And, please, again, it’s Carla.” “Um, sure, okay.”
   Sororix Hearst smiled again, which was sort of frightening, and motioned at the table.
“Would you like some tea?”
   “If I may,” Prima Rosethorn interrupted before I could decide if I wanted tea or not. “Magellus Ashe is unfamiliar with our ways, so he should have a bit of background. Noah, Sororix Hearst has asked to speak to you on a matter … fairly typical within the school. Part of Willowmere’s
   
mission is to foster connections between the various witch Families — but I will stress that you are under no obligation to accept the Hearst’s proposal.”
“What proposal?”
   Sororix Hearst smiled again and pulled out a tablet. She flipped open a stand on its back and set it on the table with the screen facing me. The screen lit up with an image of a house … a mansion really, with a curved gravel driveway leading up to a front porch that would do a state capital proud, with white columns and what I was certain were marble steps.
   The place was three stories tall and I couldn’t begin to count the number of windows.
   “I’ll get right to it, Noah, since I’m sure you don’t want to miss any more of your classes than necessary. This —” she said, gesturing at the tablet, “— is just one of several available properties the Hearst Family has to offer. As you can see the entry drive is wonderfully Classical.”
   She clicked some sort of remote I hadn’t seen her holding, and the picture changed to what I assumed was the home’s entryway — more marble, a sweeping curved staircase up to the second floor, and a view through to the back wall of the house which was entirely glass and looked out on a long pool surrounded by landscaping.
   “This stunning entryway gives access to the East and West wings of the main house, as well as the grand staircase to the upper floor and the master suite. The East wing consists of an exercise room —” the picture changed to an “exercise room” that looked more like a gym where the membership would cost four figures a month. “— a full home theater —” The theater looked like it could easily seat fifty or more people.
   Sororix Hearst went on to describe the game room, family room, kitchen, chef’s kitchen, casual dining area, breakfast nook, and a formal dining room that was larger than many restaurants I’d seen.
   “The formal dining room, as you can see, has seating for fifty-six, allowing you to host three full covens in addition to your own — it doubles as a wonderful space for dancing, music, and, with the addition of some portable staging, any reasonably sized theater production.”
   I blinked at that. “Allowing you” — me? What the hell was going on here? I wanted to interrupt and ask, but Sororix Hearst was still going on showing picture after picture of the pool area (massive), hot tubs (four), the formal gardens (something out of a British period piece), the kitchen
   
gardens (which could surely feed a small village), and then moved on to the master suite.
   “This home’s master suite is designed to provide all of the luxuries a warlock and his high priestess might wish. The main bathroom —” I had to wonder if she meant that the suite itself had more than one bathroom, or if it was the main bathroom for the house. “— has dual showers, including waterfall ceiling heads in both, as well as steam. Also, a Jacuzzi tub located at the very end of the wing with floor to ceiling windows offering a gorgeous view of the mountains — this property is in Colorado, by the way.”
   I thought I might get a question in here, but Sororix Hearst went on quickly, overriding my mumbled start.
   “His and hers day-closets flank the bath, allowing quick access to daily wear. There is, of course, a lady’s closet on the other side of the bedroom, offering ample storage for evening wear, jewelry, and other necessities, as well as a private lady’s bath.”
   I guess that answered my question about what main bath meant, but since the main bath seemed to have two of everything, I didn’t understand why a coven’s high priestess might need her own bath less than a hundred feet away from the main one.
   “Off the rear of the main building, flanking the pool and gardens on each side, are the living wings. Each has a total of twenty-six bedrooms, allowing space for a full coven and any children on one side, as well as ample room for visiting guests on the other.”
Fifty-three bedrooms? It’s a fucking hotel!
   It seemed like her presentation was winding down, because she paused just long enough for me to get a question in edgewise.
   “It’s very nice,” I said, “but I don’t understand why you’re showing it to me?”
Sororix Hearst blinked then giggled.
   “Oh, Noah, you are so refreshing.” She reached forward across the table and patted my knee. “I’m attempting to recruit you to the Hearst Family, of course.”
“What?”
   “It seems Priscilla, has not had time to speak to you on the matter. You must know that, as a warlock from outside the Families — and a trinitara, no less — we will all be trying to entice you to join ours?”
   
   “Um, Mel — I mean, Magistra Blackwood — said that was something, but I really —”
   “Well,” Sororix Hearst interrupted. “Some Families may try to entice you in other, more devious, ways, but we Hearsts believe in being direct and upfront. I would like you to see the obvious advantages in joining our Family, and this lovely home is just one of them. There are also properties available in California, Wyoming, Florida, New York — though not in the city — and Hawaii, if this one is not to your liking.”
“I like it, I mean, it’s a great house, but I don’t —”
   Sororix Hearst nodded. “Of course — as a young man you have far more pressing and urgent concerns than real estate. So, I would ask you to consider some of the other enticements we might offer to get you to join our Family, such as…” She gestured at her daughter. “Priscilla.”
“What?”
“Mom!”
“Hush, dear, mother’s bargaining.”
   Sororix Hearst leaned forward, giving me a great view down her dress to impressive cleavage that I would’ve appreciated a lot more she hadn’t just offered up her daughter like some kind of bargaining chip.
   “I want you to know, Noah, that you have the Family’s blessing to … engage with Priscilla as you will.”
“Mom!”
   “Should she manage to mark you in such an encounter, you would of course be joining the Hearst Family, but, if she turns out to be so weak-willed that you mark her —”
   Priscilla put her hands over her face and doubled over to rest them on her knees.
“Maiden’s tears,” she muttered.
   “Should you mark her,” Sororix Hearst went on, “I assure you there will be no ill will from the Hearsts and we ask only that you do give our Family due consideration as a home for your new coven. And if she is not to your tastes, I can assure you that Priscilla, though young, is not the loveliest witch the Hearsts have available. If you find her not to your liking, there are many others to choose from.”
“Mother!”
What the absolute fuck?

   “Joining our Family as an unrelated warlock trinitara, you would, of course, have your pick of any unattached Hearst witches who strike your fancy in order to fill out your coven, as well as our full support in recruiting from other Families, as well.”
She looked at me expectantly.
   I looked from her to Priscilla, who was still doubled over hiding her face in her hands, to Prima Rosethorn, who was glaring at Sororix Hearst with lips so thin I could barely detect the crease of her mouth.
Prima Rosethorn met my eyes and sighed.
   “There is that tradition of recruitment at Willowmere, Noah,” she said. “And a policy of allowing representatives of the Families to speak to students about such things.” She scowled. “It has been some time since that involved a warlock, of course, and we appear to be in need of updated guidelines in that regard.”
   “Pish, Evelina,” Sororix Hearst said. “There’s little point in dancing about things. Clear, direct, and right to the point.” She turned to me. “Please don’t think I require an answer right this minute. Take your time, get to know Priscilla, do … whatever young people do these days.”
   “Um, thank you? I definitely need to think this over … and I should probably speak to Mel, Melaina, Magistra Blackwood, about it?”
   “Yes,” Prima Rosethorn said, “it would be quite appropriate to speak to your sponsor and guardian on the matter.”
   “Of course,” Sororix Hearst said, “please, take the tablet with you — it contains descriptions of all of the available properties, as well as some of the other perks and benefits of being a Hearst. Priscilla, why don’t you run along with Noah back to class?”
   “Thank the Child,” I thought I heard Priscilla mutter as she jumped to her feet.
“What was that?”
“Nothing, Mother. Noah, you have history now, right?”
   I stopped myself from saying I was a first-year and all first-years have history first thing in the morning, but I figured Priscilla was trying to impress her mother by knowing my class schedule.
“Yes, you remembered,” I said.
   Priscilla and I didn’t quite get into a race to see who could reach the door first, but perhaps we should have, as Sororix Hearst called out before we could escape.
   
“Oh, Noah!”
Priscilla and I both paused, fingertips just inches from the door handle.
   I caught sight of Priscilla’s face as I turned back to the room — her eyes were scrunched shut as though she was in physical pain.
“Please, no, please, no, please, no,” she whispered.
Sororix Hearst was still standing, a wide smile on her face.
   “Even if you’re thinking you wouldn’t like to join the Hearst Family, please, do ask Priscilla about our generous stud fees.”