SAM SOBERED IMMEDIATELY as some sort of bell or chime sounded through the clearing — all the girls followed suit, stopping their chats and sitting up straight to look toward the center of the Grove.
   The Grove went silent, with only the rustle of the wind in the trees to break it. A figure appeared in the trees nearest the stone block, slowly walking toward the Grove. She was dressed in a hooded white robe and carrying a tray that glinted in the moonlight, and as she came closer, I could see other figures, similarly dressed, behind her.
“That’s the school coven,” Rachel whispered.
   I’d figured that, but Rachel seemed to like explaining things to me — unlike Sam, who liked telling me I didn’t know anything — so I just nodded.
   The first figure reached the tree line and turned to her left before reaching the circle of benches.
   “The Domina, high priestess, goes deosil, that’s clockwise,” Rachel whispered, gesturing with her finger, “then they’ll alternate — see the next goes widdershins, counterclockwise.”
“Why?”
   “There’s no major working tonight, just a plea, so they want to keep the power balanced. Half the coven enters the Grove deosil, the others widdershins — if there was a working, they’d all go one direction, depending on the intent of the ritual.”
   “I thought magic was all about your will and intent — how does walking in a circle do anything?”
   Rachel nodded. “It’s not part of the magic, it’s part of the ritual that forms the coven’s intent when they work the magic — it … gets everybody on the same page.”
   More of the witches were coming out of the trees, alternating their turns as Rachel described, and I was starting to wonder if I’d ever be able to look at my teachers the same. The deep hoods of their robes covered their faces in shadow, but the robes themselves were cut high on the side … like,
   
armpit-high. With every step the robes swayed, exposing bare skin from ankle to ribs. Their fronts were still covered, but it was a lot of skin and a lot of side-boob.
Sam leaned forward to look at me around Rachel and grinned. “Good to be a witch, isn’t it?”
“Shush,” Rachel said.
   Sam sat back and I realized the lead witch was approaching us — they each had silver cups on their trays and were handing them out to the students on the benches before continuing on. Sam and Rachel each took a cup, and the witch paused in front of me, so I took one and tried not to stare as she turned to move on, exposing the open side of her robe right in front of me. I realized the witches were making a full circle to return to where they’d come from the forest, so every single one of them was going to walk in front of me, flashing bare skin from ankle to shoulder.
“Last to enter is the warlock,” Rachel said, nodding.
   Sure enough, coming out of the woods was a clearly male figure, but still clad in the hooded white robe.
“What’s this?” I whispered to Rachel, holding up the cup.
   It was hard to tell what color the liquid was in the moonlight, but it seemed thicker than water.
“Mead — don’t drink it yet.” “Okay.”
   The walk continued and I amused myself trying to figure out which teacher was under which robe. Magistra Fallowell was easy — she was the shortest one there — but I couldn’t tell any of the others with their faces hidden. Not that their bodies, the parts that showed, were all the same, but there’s a big difference recognizing your teacher in the clothes she wears to the classroom versus … not.
   The coven’s warlock was approaching us — he didn’t look at me, but he slowed and held out his arm toward me, hand in a fist parallel to the ground. It was surprising, but so clear in intent that my own fist came up to bump his automatically. He gave me a thumbs-up and moved on.
   As each member of the coven finished a full circle, they turned and walked to the stone block — I guess altar would be best to call it.
   “What did you call the high priestess?” I whispered to Rachel. “Domina?”
“Domina Ritualis — the lady of the ritual.”

“Oh.”
   The coven gathered around the altar, each with one of the silver cups. One of them raised hers toward the moon and I recognized Prima Rosethorn’s voice.
   “We call upon the Child,” Prima Rosethorn called out, lowering her cup to her lips.
   Everyone sipped from their cups, so I followed suit. The mead was cool and sweet.
   The coven and all the girls watching responded, “Grant us your innocence, that we may know the joy of youth.”
“We call upon the Maiden,” Prima Rosethorn went on. Everyone raised their cups again.
   “Just barely touch it to your lips,” Rachel whispered. “There’s a lot more to come.”
I nodded, just touching my tongue to the mead.
“Grant us your passion, that we may feel the thrill of life anew.” “We call upon the Mother.”
“Grant us your fertility, that our family may be blessed with life.” “We call upon the Crone.”
“Grant us your wisdom, that we may face all trials that come our way.” “We call upon the Goddess in all her aspects.”
“Grant us your blessing, that we may do your will.”
“Are you drunk?” I wasn’t sure.
   After the calling-ons, I noticed Sam and Rachel were doing more than just touching their tongues to the mead, so I started sipping. Then there were some blessings, after which the witches of the coven all went around the circle again, this time refilling our cups. Then came the praising, by which time sipping had turned to gulping, and finally the dancing — all interspersed with refilled cups and a bit more than gulping.
   I remembered being especially fond of the dancing, but unable to really recall any details.
“Probably,” I said, opening my eyes.
   A white-robed and hooded figure stared down at me, as I appeared to be on my back in the clearing’s grass.
   It was still dark, so I hadn’t slept there all night, which was good — having a teacher ask if you’re drunk, maybe not so much.
   I struggled to sit up, my head spinning and my vision still being a bit of a circle with fuzzy edges. The clearing was still dark and the moon still high, so I knew I hadn’t been asleep long enough to miss class the next morning. I was still noticeably drunk, though — and I had a feeling that morning would bring another new experience for me, one much less pleasant.
   I had only vague recollections of the night after the dancing started, because at that point the mead was flowing freely, instead of just being refilled between parts of the ritual the teachers were performing — one
   
which, according to Sam and Rachel, was meant to reinforce and strengthen their coven bonds as well as the school’s wards.
   The dancing had been a new experience as well, one I’d enjoyed — I hadn’t really gone to dances while in public school. Though my dancing tonight had been limited to Sam and Rachel, despite several of the other girls coming by seeming to express interest.
   Both Sam and Rachel, whichever wasn’t dancing closest with me at the moment, took to interposing themselves between me and the other girls, which sort of waved them off. I wasn’t really disappointed by that, because most of those were girls who’d spent the entire school year either ignoring me or giving me stinkeye — and I didn’t see a particular reason to start dancing with them just because they were drunk and knew I was a trinitara now.
   Sam seemed to share my opinion, because once the evening wore on and girls started drifting away from the Grove, some of them holding hands in pairs or more, I asked her why she didn’t see if someone might be interested in wandering off with her.
   “None of them were interested in me when they were sober and I was a onesie,” she answered with a shrug. “So why should I be interested in them now? Anyway, I was thinking I might save anything like that until after we’ve formed our coven.” She looked around to make sure no one was listening. Rachel was a few feet away out of earshot, hands on hips and glaring at a girl who was wandering in our direction. “If you are still serious about letting someone join the coven. If I … like them.”
I nodded. “Of course, that’s important.”
   A blinding pain shot through me and my eyes snapped back open. The teacher withdrew her finger from my forehead.
“Sober now?”
   I nodded quickly, not wanting another shot of whatever the hell that’d been.
“Enjoy it now — it’ll be gone when you return.”
Return?
   I looked around the clearing again with my now sober eyes, and saw that it was not the school’s clearing. I recognized it, though, from previous dreams I could never quite recall on waking.
   I looked at the teacher, who probably wasn’t a teacher. I’d learned enough about the witches and their Goddess to take a guess at who this was.
   
“The Mother, I presume?”
“Idalia, dear,” she said, sitting in front of me.
   She sat cross-legged, which stuck her bare legs outside the front drape of her robe, and threw her cowl back to reveal her beautiful face. While Aveline had been beautiful — breathtakingly, heart-stoppingly beautiful — Idalia somehow surpassed her. The Maiden’s beauty was … not a facade, but somehow a projection, maybe? Idalia’s was inherent. It was a part of her and she moved, spoke, and carried herself with the knowledge that it was so. She was beautiful in the same way Mel and the Willowmere teachers were beautiful — with maturity and confidence. Yet, while all the witches were beautiful, and all of Willowmere’s teachers were MILFs, Idalia surpassed them all.
The mother of all MILFs, I thought, trying to keep from chuckling. “Okay,” I said, “but are there really four of you or just one?” Idalia smiled. “Yes.”
I sighed. “I should have expected that.”
   “Yes, you should have, dear.” She leaned forward and patted my thigh, which both let the front of her robe fall open to reveal the deep cleft of her full, hanging breasts … and made me aware, very aware, that she was touching my thigh. At least I wasn’t naked.
   “We are the four faces of the Goddess — her avatars, if you will. Archetypes of womanhood personified. We are independent, yet one.” She shrugged, still leaning toward me, which made her breasts do things. “It’s complicated.”
“I bet,” I said. “I certainly don’t understand it.”
   Idalia sat back, removing her hand from my thigh. “What don’t you understand, dear? We have some time, so I’ll try to explain.”
   I eyed her warily. “You’re a lot nicer than … some of the yous. None of them offered to answer any questions.”
   She chuckled. “We all have our little quirks. Aurora and Viera both lack patience — for different reasons, but it’s their nature. While Aveline … well, patience and young women are not a common pairing.”
“What about you?” I asked.
Another chuckle. “I’m the Mother, dear. Patience is a requirement.” “I don’t understand what you want me to do — any of you.” “Didn’t the others tell you what they wished of you?”
   
   “Yeah, right. I figured out who Viera and Aveline were talking about — the witches, right?”
Idalia nodded.
   “But how am I supposed to bring them back to Viera or make them … have fun, like Aveline wants? And Aurora wants me to tell somebody something, but she won’t tell me who. Now you’re going to ask me for something and it’s probably going to be just as cryptic, right?”
   Idalia pursed her lips. “I don’t think so, but we’ll see.” She sighed. “Noah, magic works in a very odd, but very intuitive way. Will and intent give the magic form, far more than spells and rituals. The spells and rituals are really there to help you focus on your intent. Do you intend to fulfill the tasks we’ve set you? Do you want to?”
   I thought about that for a minute. I’d now been around witches long enough to know promises and agreements were a big deal to them — so they must be to their Goddess, too. But what they … she … they … fuck. What they wanted made sense. The witches had strayed from their Goddess’s path. I could see that in the fucked up way the Families ran things. Even Magistra Cassian kept saying as much in our Rituals class. So, yeah, I couldn’t think of any reason I wouldn’t want to help with that. And the Families certainly weren’t any fun, so I’d be happy to accomplish what the Maiden wanted of me.
   Aurora. I thought of the little girl and that sudden rush of emotion I’d felt when she said she loved me. All she asked was that I tell someone there’d been a mistake … and I think I’d do absolutely anything to end her sadness over that.
“What is it you want me to do?” I asked.
   Idalia smiled. “Clever and smart. Never make an open-ended promise, dear.” She leaned forward to pat my thigh again and I closed my eyes so I wouldn’t be distracted by the view. “My geas for you is what any mother wishes for her children — that you live a happy life, full of joy, and bring that to all my children.”
   I opened my eyes and met hers. “My mom didn’t want that for me or she wouldn’t have dumped me off like garbage.”
Idalia winced.
   “We can’t always know someone’s reasons, dear, or their circumstances.”
   
   “Are you saying she thought it was best for me?” I’d gotten pretty tired of hearing that from caseworkers and foster parents. Then I had a sudden thought. “Do you know who she was? Do you know who my parents are? Are they alive?”
   “Oh, Noah, I don’t. Some of my children have drifted so far from me that I can’t see them any longer.” She took a deep breath. “I didn’t even know about you until Felicity found you.”
That squashed the little bit of hope that had suddenly sprung up in me. “Wait,” I said. “Felicity, not Mel?”
Did that mean Felicity was a witch? But how could a cat be a witch? “You haven’t answered me, dear. Do you intend to help us?”
   “Well, yeah,” I said. Everything they’d asked was a good thing, I thought, but I still didn’t see how I could do any of it.
“Then work toward that and trust your magic.” “But how?”
   “We’ve each given you a gift toward that end. Aurora’s given you a glimpse of true, unconditional love — would you share that with others?”
   I nodded as I thought about the dark, empty pit inside of Sam and wished I could.
   “Viera’s given you the strength to perceive the truth, even when it’s hidden and your mind is clouded by another’s power, and Aveline … well, her gift will certainly assist you.”
“What was it?”
“I won’t say if she didn’t,” Idalia said, smiling.
   I really wished the witches’ Goddess could be as straightforward as Priscilla’s mother.
“What about you?”
   “I have something very special for you, dear.” She leaned further forward and put her hand in my lap. “My daughters’ greatest desire.”