“Magellae,” the Prima began, then looked at me. “And our singular Magellus, welcome to your first year at Willowmere. Before Magistra Nightingale begins class, I wish to make a few special announcements while I have you all together here.”
   “I bet the west wing is closed to students who don’t wish a painful death,” I whispered to Sam.
   “Magellus Ashe,” the Prima said sharply, “is that something you wish to share with your peers?”
   I had no idea how she heard me — I barely moved my lips, and I’d kept the volume really low.
“No, Prima Rosethorn,” I said quickly.
   “Good,” she said, then scanned the rest of the room. “Firstly, I wish to address the matter of Magellus Ashe. I realize that his presence has come as a surprise to most of you, however, I wish to stress that having a warlock at Willowmere is not in any way unprecedented. Willowmere College has a long history of inclusivity, and having a warlock in our midst should be met not with rumor and speculation, nor with trepidation, but with an eagerness to learn about others and more broadly widen your experiences.”
   There was a sudden bark of laughter, quickly muffled, but I couldn’t see which girl had laughed. Prima Rosethorne didn’t seem to have that problem.
   “Magella Patterson, would you care to share what it was you found so amusing?”
“No, Prima! I’m sorry,” a girl called out.
   “Well, I believe it was Magella Simmons who made the comment, perhaps she would like to share?”
   I could see the girls now, because everyone else in the class had turned toward them. The one who’d laughed had her head hung low and the girl next to her also had her head bowed, but covered her face with her hands. “Magella Simmons?”
The girl with her hands over her face responded with a muffled, “No,
Prima, I’m sorry.”
   “Pity,” Prima Rosethorn said, “as I believe it was quite relevant to my next topic. Perhaps I should share instead.”
   The Prima raised her hand and twirled her finger, and suddenly a girl’s whisper filled the lecture hall.
“I’d sure like to expand some experiences with him.”
   The hall erupted into quickly stifled laughter as Prima Rosethorn glared around at the girls then focused her stare on me and frowned.
   Sam had turned to me and opened her mouth, but quickly closed it — along with clenching her fists and hopping up and down in her seat as though there was something struggling to get out of her, but she didn’t want Prima Rosethorn to broadcast it to the whole room.
   “There will be none of that at Willowmere this year,” Prima Rosethorn went on. “That sort of fraternization with an uncontrolled warlock, no matter how tame or how great you think your self-control is, carries a great risk of it turning into an attempt at marking.” She narrowed her eyes. “There will be no marking of any student, at Willowmere, no matter what your mothers may have told you. Even the attempt to do so, even if unintentional, will result in both students’ immediate expulsion with prejudice.”
There was a rustling sound as the class took that in.
   I wasn’t sure what prejudice meant, but the threat of expulsion was pretty clear, and I was okay with the rule. Yeah, it was fun to fantasize about being the only guy in an all-girls school, but the reality was I knew there’d only be drama and more if I were to date any of the other students. Being roommates with Sam and friends with Rachel and the others would probably spark enough rumor and drama to keep all of us busy for the year. I was perfectly fine with keeping those activities to partners from the mundane college like Sam had told me the girls did — if I could even manage something like that. I could just imagine the small talk.
What’s your major?
Oh, I don’t go to the same college you do, I’m at the all-girls school.
   I did want to know what Prima Rosethorn meant by “no matter what your mothers may have told you”, though. That sounded pretty odd.   
   “On a less dire note,” Prima Rosethorn went on, “I am pleased to announce an addition to our faculty for this year.”
   I resisted the urge to whisper something about a new defense against the dark arts teacher to Sam.
   “Several classes, including your Introduction to Spellcasting Essentials class, to Willowmere’s great honor, will be taught by Magistra Melaina Seraphina Blackwood.”
   There were shocked gasps from the class, followed by a wave of applause as Mel entered the lecture hall. I rose with the rest of the class and clapped, though I was confused — based on the reaction Mel was a much bigger deal in the witch community than I knew, even after the intense questioning Sam and Rachel had put me through the night before.
   “Wow,” Sam said. “I can’t believe we’re going to be taught by The Blackwood herself.”
   “Is she really that big a deal?” I whispered. Our chat about Mel the night before had all been me answering their questions and not getting any of my own in.
“The Blackwood? Oh, yeah! She’s one of the Powers.” “Powers?”
   “Shush,” Sam hushed me as the class settled down and resumed their seats.
   Mel approached the podium and nodded to the Prima who stepped aside.
   “Thank you, Prima Rosethorn, for that kind and flattering introduction.” She looked around at the assembled students. “I will not take too much of your time. I’m sure Magistra Nightingale is eager to begin putting her class time to good use. I just wanted to say that I am honored to have the opportunity to teach at Willowmere, and looking forward to meeting each of you later on in class. I plan on teaching at Willowmere for the next several years, so will be seeing all of you through to graduation.”
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

WE  ALL  LEFT  THE  LECTURE  HALL  WITH  A  LONG  LIST  OF  BOOKS  MAGISTRA
Nightingale expected us to read over the next week.
   None of the other students seemed particularly worried about it, and when I asked Sam, she mentioned that all of the texts were things that the witch Families usually had their kids read long before coming to Willowmere.
Rachel tugged at my sleeve.
“I’ve read them all, I can help you … if you want,” she said.
   “Thank you — I think I’m going to be a little overwhelmed with all the stuff you guys know, but I’d never heard of before this summer.”
   We split up after that, with Sam and I heading for Mel’s class and the other girls heading for theirs. We’d finished comparing schedules during lulls in Magistra Nightingale’s history lecture and found that, while Sam and I had Mel’s class together in the morning, Rachel and I had the same afternoon schedule. Sadly, Brittany and I didn’t have any classes together after the first of the day.
   Mel’s class was on the first floor as well, and was in another, but smaller, lecture hall, with tiered seating, and a large open space instead of just a shallow podium at the bottom.
   Sam and I took our seats in the last row, and I grumbled a bit because I’d really have preferred to sit closer for Mel’s class, but I didn’t want to leave Sam sitting alone or with one of the other onesies who were still avoiding me.   
   “Is you having to sit in the last row a rule or just something everybody expects?”
   Sam shrugged. “It’s not a school rule, but breaking it just causes trouble.”
   I grumbled again but took my seat. Yeah, I wanted to sit up front, but I also didn’t want to sit somewhere Sam couldn’t or wouldn’t.
   Once everyone had taken their seats, Mel came in and there was another burst of applause — not as loud because only about a third of the freshman were in this class.
“So why is Mel so notable?” I whispered to Sam.
   “Sshh,” Sam shushed me. “I don’t want to miss anything she says — and I can’t believe you call her ‘Mel’.”
   “Thank you, everyone,” Mel said, motioning with her hands for silence. “I appreciate the reception, but there’s no need to greet me with applause every time I enter a room. You shouldn’t treat me any differently from any of your other teachers.”
   She left the podium and began pacing in the open space while casting her eyes all over the lecture hall.
   “This class will be very hands-on with your mana, as you learn how to manipulate it, store it, and use it in your spells. In addition, we’ll be working on improving and strengthening your personal shields beyond what you may have been taught in your Families. Shielding your power is important for a number of reasons — especially in the event of conflict, where you may be targeted with offensive spells.”
One of the girls in the second row raised her hand. “Yes, Magella…?”
“Fiddlestone, Magistra Blackwood, Helena Fiddlestone.” “Your question, Magella Fiddlestone?”
   “Who would we be fighting? My mom said there hasn’t been open conflict with the Patriarchy in decades.”
   “That’s true,” Mel said. “The last large-scale conflict with the Patriarchy occurred in nineteen fifty-four. However, there are always skirmishes and smaller attacks, as they haven’t forgotten about us — and we have certainly not forgiven them. And there are the inter-Family conflicts to consider, as well.”
“What’s the Patriarchy?” I whispered to Sam.   
   “What?” she looked at me, bewildered. “How do you — right, you know absolutely nothing.” She glanced at Mel who’d resumed talking. “Later?”
   I nodded. Of all the teachers I didn’t want catching me talking or ignoring her in class, Mel was at the top of the list.
   Mel took a stack of papers from behind the podium and gave them to the first girl in the first row to begin passing around.
   “These are some more recent historical texts and analyses that I’d like you to begin reading. While I’m sure Magistra Nightingale has already assigned you more reading than you’d prefer —” She waited for a few chuckles to subside. “— It’s my understanding that she starts with and focuses on the history of witches in the Americas, beginning with our first arrival here. These sources are all more recent and detail the conflicts we’ve had with the Patriarchy since the last major battles. I also like to stress that this list is not exhaustive. There have been many unexplained disappearances of witches and even some warlocks over the last seventy years.”
Another girl raised her hand. “Yes?” Mel said, raising her eyebrows. “Katrina Cartright, Magistra Blackwood. Are you saying the Patriarchy
was responsible for those disappearances?” Mel shook her head.
   “There is evidence that the Patriarchy was responsible for some of those disappearances — not all, by any means, but I do think every witch —” the corner of her mouth quirked up, “— or warlock should know how to defend themselves in the event of an attack.”
   The papers being handed out came to me from Sam, so I took one and tried to hand it to the girl five seats away from me in the back row, but she shied away like I had something contagious, so I set stack on the desk two seats away from her and returned to mine.
   “As we’ll be working on shields, and doing so often requires opening or dropping your personal shields for observation by someone else, I’d like you all to start giving thought to who in the class you might like to pair up with as partners — someone that you trust to be that open with, and to keep the secret of your resonants if you wish. There’ll be oaths sworn to that by all of you — and before you mutter about that, you’d best get used to it. There are a great many secrets you’ll keep after your stay here — or suffer the consequences if you don’t.   
   “Now, if the girl you’d prefer to partner with happens to be someone in one of the other timeslots for this class, please let me know after class and I’ll work with Prima Rosethorn to adjust your schedules so that you are both in my class at the same time.” She glanced at me. “Magellus Ashe, since you are the first warlock to attend Willowmere in some time, there may be some reluctance amongst your peers to make themselves so vulnerable with you, so you may work with me directly on those exercises.”
   I started to nod, but wasn’t really thrilled at the idea of being singled out for special treatment — I knew why, and that it was the only reason Mel was teaching here, but I didn’t have to like it. I thought it would just set me farther apart from the other students. But Mel was certainly right that working with one of the girls would be awkward even if I wasn’t trying to make sure no one knew I was a trinitara — and working that closely with one of the witches would certainly expose that.
   I noticed Sam was sort of squirming next to me, so I glanced at her and saw that she looked … disappointed?
   “I could work with you,” Sam whispered. “I mean … if you didn’t mind working with a onesie. I know it’s not the best —”
   She trailed off, leaving me to think about why she was offering, because she looked hopeful now. I bet most of the other girls wouldn’t want to partner with her because of her being a onsie and — a quick look at our last row confirmed it — there was an odd number of onesies in the class, which would leave one of them having to find a partner amongst the girls with more resonants.
   I couldn’t partner with Sam because she’d find out I was a trinitara — but if I didn’t partner with her, now that she’d made the offer, and she was hoping to partner with me instead of someone else in the class, then she’d be upset with me, and maybe hurt, and I had to live with her. The whole situation was made worse because I wouldn’t be able to tell her why I couldn’t partner with her. Explaining would have the same result as partnering with her in the first place — unless I lied to her, and I didn’t want to do that either.
   “Magellus Ashe?” Mel asked, brow furrowed and clearly wondering what I was doing. “Do you have something to add?”
   I leaned close to Sam’s ear, even turning my face so I was facing the back wall.
“Can you keep a secret?”   
“What?” Sam was frowning at me now.
   “If I told you something — something serious — like, life-threatening serious, could I trust you to keep it a secret?”
   It was an abrupt decision, I knew, and probably stupid. After all, I’d only known Sam for … less than a day and here I was thinking of telling her a secret that Mel told me could get me killed?
   Sam was quiet for a second, which was heartening because that meant she was actually thinking about it.
“Magellus Ashe?” Sam nodded.
   “So long as it wouldn’t hurt anyone I care about,” she said, “I’ll tell no one the secret you speak of — by my power, by my Grove, and by the Goddess I adore, I swear it.”
   I met Sam’s eye and returned her nod. She’d just sworn the same oath Prima Rosethorn had when Mel told her, so if it was good enough for Mel it should be good enough for me. I turned back toward the front of the class.
   “Thank you, Me — I mean, Magistra Blackwood, but I think Samantha and I would like to work together, if that’s all right?”
“Really?” Mel said and there was some other murmuring in the class. I nodded, but the look on Mel’s face told me she didn’t approve.
“If that’s all right?” I repeated.
“Let’s discuss it after class, Magellus Ashe.” And that only caused more murmuring.
I gulped, but nodded.
   The rest of the class was like the first day of class anywhere, except for the topic being magic — Mel passed out more papers, a syllabus, yet more reading material, and exercise instructions for merging shields rather than dropping them, as that would be the first exercise for the partnered witches.
   At the end of class, the girls started shuffling out, but Sam and I made our way down the steps to where Mel still stood at the podium.
   Mel waited until the last of the girls was nearly at the door then looked at Sam.
“Would you mind waiting outside, Magella Prescott? I’d like to speak to
Magellus Ashe privately on this matter.”
   “Of course, Magistra Blackwood,” Sam said and headed for the door. “I’ll wait for you outside, Noah, and then we can get to lunch.”
Once we were alone Mel raised an eyebrow.   
“Making friends already, dear?”
I shrugged. “At least I got a roommate I like.” Mel nodded.
   “That is good,” she said. “But with regard to a partner in my class, the exercises we’ll be doing will require letting your partner see your resonants. From that she’ll know you’re a trinitara and might be able to deduce your primary affinity.” She took a deep breath. “It’s best if we put off anyone finding out that you’re a trinitara with Control as long as possible. And by as long as possible, I hope that to be somewhat later than the first day of class.”
   “I understand — but Sam asked to partner with me and if I told her no and then didn’t explain why…” I shrugged.
“I see.” Mel pursed her lips.
“She promised to keep it a secret.”
   Mel’s face went cold and she looked at the open doorway where Sam was standing.
“You’ve already told her?”
   “No,” I said, “I asked if she could keep a secret and she said she would. She said the same thing Prima Rosethorn said when you asked her to keep it a secret.”
Mel’s eyes came quickly back to me. “What did she say?”
“The power, tree, goddess thing.”
   “Grove,” Mel corrected me. “She made that oath without knowing what secret she was to keep?”
“She said so long as it didn’t hurt anyone she cares about.”
   “Well, you seem to have made an impression,” Mel said. She took a deep breath. “Very well, then — I won’t gainsay that oath, breaking it would be far worse than anything I could do. If you want to tell her and partner with her, I won’t object.”
“Thanks, Mel — um, Magistra Blackwood.”
“Just Mel when we’re alone, dear,” she said, laying a hand on my arm. “Thanks, Mel,” I answered, rushing out to catch up with Sam.
 “So, what was that about?” Sam asked as I closed the classroom door behind me. Then she paused. “Sorry, I mean, if it’s really private. You don’t have to tell me, I’m just curious.”
“She just had some advice for me.”   
   “Well, if The Blackwood is giving you advice, you should probably listen.”
“Why’s that?” I asked. “I mean, why is everybody so impressed by her
— I like her, a lot, but why is she such a big deal to witches? What did you mean earlier when you said she was a Power?”
We started walking, heading for the cafeteria. “She’s a Power in her own right.”
“What’s that?”
Sam looked at me. “I keep forgetting you know nothing.” “Hey!”
“You know nothing, Noah Ashe,” she said, grinning.
   “Just remember what happened to the girl in the show who kept saying that.”
“A fictional death isn’t going to keep me from good teasing material.
Get used to it or join the archery club.”
   I held up my hands. “Okay, I do admit I know nothing about this witch shit.”
Sam’s grin grew wider. “It’s good you know your limitations.” “So, what’s Power in her own right mean?”
   “It means that Melaina Seraphina Blackwood has no coven — she doesn’t need one.”
“Why?”
   “The way I’ve heard it, and her history is really murky, is that she’s outlived at least three major covens, through most of the wars with the Patriarchy, and she’s now so powerful that she could defeat most covens all on her own.”
   I thought for a minute — hadn’t Melaina said at the beginning of the class that open war with the Patriarchy had ended in the fifties? And three covens?
“Wait, how old do you think she is?”
   Sam shrugged. “I don’t think anyone knows — except her. We know she was at Salem, of course, and I’ve heard —”
“Wait, what do you mean she was at Salem — like, she visited there?” “No,” Sam said, “she was at Salem. During the Trials. She saved a half dozen real witches from the Trials.” I blinked. “That’s impossible.”
    “Really? Witches do live a long time. The more power we produce and use, the longer we live. The Blackwood has a lot of power.”
   I thought about the way Mel’s resonant stores completely filled her body, but still —
“Are you telling me that witches can live for hundreds of years?”
   “Not, like, many hundreds, usually. Not most of us — usually around a hundred or two, maybe a hundred fifty is pretty normal. Baba’s probably the oldest witch we know of, but she’s a major exception.”
“Baba?”
   “Baba Yaga — nobody knows for sure when she was born, but at least eight hundred, I think.”
“Eight hundred years?” “Oh, no, sorry.” “That’s a relief.”
   “I meant eight hundred AD. But that’s when stories about her started and she was already powerful then, so she was probably born a few hundred years earlier.”
   I tried to take that in. I guess I should’ve expected it, given that Sam said witches can monitor their bodies and even modify them somewhat like Cassandra had. Staying healthy to over a hundred probably wasn’t much of a stretch, even if I thought a hundred and fifty was. But if Sam was serious about Mel being at Salem during the witch trials, that would be a whole other level. I didn’t want to even think about this Baba person.
   “Are you really saying Mel’s hundreds of years old? She looks like she’s thirty… Thirty-five tops.”
Sam grinned. “Don’t let her hear you say that.” I shook my head.
   “There are Family records and histories of Melaina Seraphina Blackwood arriving in Salem and trying to get the real witches out of the Trials — and other mentions of her a lot earlier than that. Rumors about her being way older.”
“But, how?”
   “She was already very powerful when she arrived in Salem, so must already have been part of a really powerful coven in the past.” Sam shrugged. “I think some of the matriarchs — the heads of Families — are a few hundred years old. My mother’s only ninety-two. But The Blackwood is … another level.”
   
“What? Your mom’s in her nineties? How old are you?” Sam swung her bag into my shoulder.
“Hey! Never ask a girl her age!”
   I took a look around the quad. As we made our way over to the dorm building and the cafeteria, I wondered how old the rest of the girls at the school were.
“Sorry, it’s just —”
   Sam grinned. “I’m just teasing you — I’m eighteen, the same as you. It’s not like we grow up slower, it’s just that as we come into our power, we gain more control over things and use it to keep ourselves looking young and living longer. You know the saying, ‘live hard, die young, leave a beautiful corpse’?”
“Yeah.”
   “Witches don’t do the middle part — we pretty much look twenty or thirty something until we croak. The whole ‘crone’ thing never happens. Patriarchy propaganda … except for, you know, the actual Crone.”
   I gave a little sigh of relief. It was one thing to be the only guy in the girls school — it would be another thing to be the only eighteen-year-old guy in the school full of, like, fifty-year-olds or something.
“So, what’s the secret?” Sam asked.
   “Um, later? Tonight, when we’re back in the room?” It wasn’t something I thought I should talk about out in the open.
“Okay, but it better be good.”