CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

THE FIRST TWO WEEKS OF HALLOWEEN-MONTH WENT BY AND I WAS
exhausted, but the witches seemed to only get more and more energized.
   The class workloads had been reduced, cutting most of the homework and long reading assignments, focusing mainly on in-class lectures and exercises, but everything about the Halloween Faire took their place. Throughout the day there was maintenance on the displays, restocking the booths, and making sure the werewolves were plugged in and recharged — then, about an hour before dusk every day, everyone got ready for the evening’s activities. Costumes repaired and donned, fog machines on, food stands fired up, and the werewolves released.
   Then the buses and cars started arriving, dropping their passengers at the head of the drive and parking along its length. Kids from kindergarten to high school — a couple hundred every night — ran through the faire, eating, drinking, riding werewolves, running from werewolves, finding the witch hiding in the village (who always gave the finders treats), and all manner of other events.
   I, and most of the first-years, were tasked with restocking the stands and emptying the trash cans throughout the night, with a select few shadowing the more senior students in their roles.
   Even the dinner hours had been pushed earlier and later, with the cafeteria remaining open from lunch to after midnight, so that students could eat before or after their work, or both, as well as picking up a quick snack on our breaks. Rachel and I had just finished restocking a cotton candy stand and were heading to get some food before our next assignment.
   
   “I’ll catch up with you in the cafeteria,” I said, as Rachel and I entered the dorms. “I want to check in on Sam.”
“Is she sick?”
   “She said she wasn’t feeling like working today — but she didn’t seem sick.”
   “Okay,” Rachel said. “Ask her if she’s hungry? You could bring her something from the cafeteria.”
“Like a cupcake?” I teased. Rachel blushed and bit her lip.
“Um, was she okay? After the cupcake, I mean?” “Why wouldn’t she be?”
   “No reason! It was the last one, though, so maybe it had been sitting out too long or something?”
   “No, she’s been fine all month. She just didn’t feel like getting up today.”
“Oh, okay, good.”
   I realized I hadn’t seen Rachel and Sam at the same time except for class and meals. She’d stopped visiting our room to show me spellstick videos and wasn’t dropping by to hang out at all. I hadn’t really thought about it, since we were so busy with the faire, but she hadn’t been to our room all month.
   And Sam seemed to be asking about her all the time. It was weird, now that I thought about it, but we’d been so busy with the Halloween Faire that I hadn’t noticed until now.
Rachel headed for the cafeteria while I started climbing the stairs.
   I opened the door to our room and saw Sam’s rainbow-sock clad feet at the end of her bed.
“Hey, roomie,” I called softly. “You doing okay?”
   I eased the door shut so it wouldn’t slam if she really wasn’t feeling well, and walked into the main room.
   Sam laid on her bed, frighteningly still, with her eyes closed and black froth covering her lips.



“SAM!”
   
   I dropped to the floor and knelt beside the bed, reaching for her wrist and leaning over to hold my cheek next to her lips to see if she was breathing.
I couldn’t feel either breath or pulse. “Help! Somebody, I need help!”
   She wasn’t breathing and her heart wasn’t beating — I tried to remember the CPR class from high school. I pressed my fingers into her chest searching for the notch at the bottom of her rib cage and put both hands there one on top of the other, pressing hard. The instructor had said that — press hard, press harder than you think you need to, press as hard as you can.
I tried, but I saw Sam’s body just sink into the mattress as I pressed. “Help!” I yelled again.
   I didn’t know if there’d be anyone to hear me — everyone was probably in the cafeteria for lunch or working on the faire.
   I dragged Sam off the bed onto the harder floor, cradling her head so it wouldn’t fall and slam against the floor, then I straddled her hips and put my hands on her chest again, pressing down as hard as I could.
What did they say? How fast? Some stupid song, right?
   I remembered then, and almost cried at what a silly, stupid thing it was to have to remember in a situation like this.
   “Uh,” I muttered to myself, pressing hard, “uh, uh, uh, staying alive, staying alive.”
“Oh, Goddess! What are you doing to her?”
   I looked up and one of the other freshmen was standing in our doorway eyes wide and hands at her mouth. I’d seen her around but didn’t know her name.
“Help! He’s killing her!” she screamed.
   “No, something’s wrong, it’s CPR!” I yelled, trying to keep the beat going.
Two more girls came to the doorway and shrieked. “Go get the nurse!” I yelled.
“Get off her!” one of the girls yelled, stepping into the room.
   She rushed over and shoved me, throwing me off the rhythm — I pushed her away roughly, and fumbled trying to find the right hand-position again before I finally got it and could restart compressions.
   
   I looked up at the crowd in our doorway, and met one of the girls’ eyes who looked more sensible than the rest.
“You!” I yelled. “Go! Get! The nurse!”
   The girl’s eyes flew wide and she shoved her way through the other girls.
I paused briefly to check Sam’s pulse again, but there was nothing.
   I had to think for a second before continuing, to remember whether I was supposed to do breathing, too. Some movies showed that, but what had the instructor said? I thought I remembered it was just the chest compressions, stick with those.
   I started pressing again, putting my whole weight behind it, feeling Sam’s thin frame under my hands. It seemed to go on forever, but couldn’t have been that long because the girl wasn’t back with the nurse yet.
   All of a sudden, I felt Sam twitch and her head moved — she coughed and I took my hands away.
   I looked up at the girls in the doorway — all of their eyes wide — and didn’t see the nurse yet.
How long had it been? It didn’t matter.
I got off Sam — she coughed again but her eyes still didn’t open.
   I started to slide my hands under her body — if the nurse hadn’t gotten to us yet, then we go to the fucking nurse — but I caught sight of something on Sam’s desk.
   It was a potion bottle, but empty, and there was a black residue in the empty bottle that looked like whatever it was around Sam’s lips.
   My heart sank, and I knew she’d finished that damn potion — the full moon had been two nights before — and then taken it without telling me. Maybe she thought I’d try to stop her or disapprove.
   I scrambled over and grabbed the bottle, putting it in my pocket, before I reached under Sam again to lift her. I figured the nurse would need to know what she’d taken, and the bottle would have to do because I didn’t know where she’d put the book she’d stolen from the library.
I lifted Sam and headed for the door. “Get out of my way!” I snarled.
   The girls scattered, moving away from the doorway and putting their backs to the wall to clear a path.
I hurried down the hallway then started on the stairs.
   
   Sam might not have been very heavy, but I wasn’t a big muscular guy and I felt the strain in my arms and my knees started twitching before we got to the third floor. By the time I reached the first floor, I was panting, but not going to give up.
   I kicked open the door to the dorms and started for the administration building where the infirmary was.
   Now we were on the quad and word was spreading so girls were coming out of both the cafeteria and the classroom building to see what was going on, as well as all those already on the quad setting up for the faire.
   Halfway across the quad Magistra Fallwhistle, the nurse, hurried out of the administrative building.
“Can you get her to the infirmary?” she asked, rushing up to us. “Yeah,” I panted.
“What happened?”
“Potion… More power… She took…” “You know what potion?”
I shook my head. “Book… Somewhere… In room … maybe.” A girl rushed up to us.
“Let me float her,” she said, hurrying along with me and the nurse.
   That didn’t make any sense to me — but I couldn’t think of anything except putting one foot in front of the other and getting Sam to the infirmary.
“I’m a telly,” the girl said tugging at my arm. “Let me float her.” “Noah, let her help,” the nurse said.
   I panted, finally understanding and slowed so the girl could get her power under Sam. My arms fell to my sides as her weight left them, and I staggered after her and Magistra Fallwhistle.
   A couple girls rushed ahead of us to open the doors to the administrative building, and we burst in to rush through the students and teachers in the hallway toward the open infirmary door.
“Put her on the first exam table,” Magistra Fallwhistle said.
   Sam’s body floated over and settled onto the exam table. I rushed over and felt at her neck and wrist to make sure her heart hadn’t stopped again.
   Magistra Fallwhistle took the empty potion bottle I handed her and unscrewed the top, sniffing at it.
“A potion to increase power, you say?” I nodded, trying to catch my breath.
   
   Magistra Fallwhistle grunted, and set the bottle on her desk. She came over and laid her hands on Sam’s forehead and stomach, then closed her eyes.
   “Goddess — well, she’s gotten that,” she murmured. She opened her eyes and looked at me. “Did you know about this?”
   I shook my head. “I knew she was thinking about it,” I said, “but I didn’t know she was going to take it today.”
“And you didn’t think to tell a teacher?” I hung my head and my face flushed.
   Mel burst into the room and a moment behind her was Prima Rosethorn, closing the infirmary door quickly behind her to cut off the gazes of the growing crowd.
“What happened?” Prima Rosethorn demanded.
   Magistra Fallwhistle jerked her head at her desk. “The girl brewed a potion to increase her power,” she said. “Magellus Ashe said there’s a book somewhere in their room — can you send someone to search for it? I need to know what potion.”
   While the Prima turned to do that, Mel strode over to the desk and lifted the potion bottle. She wet a finger with her mouth ran it along the residue inside the bottle, then returned the finger to her mouth to taste the potion.
   I knew it was wrong, I knew it was the wrong time, but my body didn’t know either of those things, and the image of Mel sucking the potion off her fingertip and the knowledge of what I’d given Sam to use in the potion flashed through my head. Without me willing it, I felt my dick twitch and harden in my pants.
   Then I thought of the sort of grief Sam would give me if I told her how that inappropriate thing happened — and prayed she’d be okay so we could spend hours laughing about it.
   I collapsed to my knees beside the exam table, eyes scrunched tight against tears.
“I know the potion,” Mel said, stepping up to the table. “What was it?” Prima Rosethorn asked.
   “Not a good one,” Mel said, then looked at me. “Did you give her something for the potion?”
   I flushed again and nodded — it was embarrassing as hell, but I wanted Mel to know the truth so she could help Sam.
“How much?” Mel asked.
   
   “I —” I couldn’t understand the question — it’s not like we weighed it or anything.
“How much?” Mel repeated. “How many times did she add it?” I flushed even hotter. “Three,” I said.
   Mel looked at the potion bottle she held. “Was it all in here? Did she drink it all?”
“I think so.”
Mel cursed under her breath.
“Melaina, what is it?” Prima Rosethorn asked. Mel turned to stare at Sam.
“Evacuate the building and close the fair.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

“EVACUATE?” PRIMA ROSETHORN ASKED. “YOU CAN’T BE SERIOUS —”
   “If it’s the potion I think it is, then the girl drank an entire batch that was meant to be shared amongst a full coven.”
   I looked up, shocked. That didn’t seem like something Sam would do deliberately, and she was too smart to make a mistake like that. A moment later, Prima Rosethorn echoed my thought.
   “I can’t imagine how she could make a mistake like that — she’s one of the best potions students we’ve seen in years.”
   At that point, Sam’s body began to shake as though she was having a seizure. Magistra Fallwhistle and Mel grasped her on one side and I grasped the other to keep her body on the exam table.
Prima Rosethorn hurried over to assist. “Melaina?” Prima Rosethorn asked.
   “I imagine she found the English translation,” Mel said, “and Samantha didn’t understand that the instruction ‘and you shall drink it, all entire, in a single round’ was meant for the plural you — thirteen witches of the coven
— and not one singularly foolish little girl.”
Prima Rosethorn grunted. “Still… We should be able to contain…” “The boy’s a trinitara, remember?” Mel said.
   “He’s… What? What…” Magistra Fallwhistle looked at me with wide eyes.
“What does he have to do with it?” Prima Rosethorn asked.
   “This potion requires essence,” Mel said, “which can be added up to three times — Samantha chose three.”
   
   “I see,” Prima Rosethorn said. She stared at Sam, then at me. “Yes, evacuate…”
She left the exam table and hurried over to the door.
   Sam’s shaking had subsided a bit, so we all stepped back from her, though I stayed close and took her hand.
   I was having trouble accepting that they were actually evacuating the building. This was too surreal.
Prima Rosethorn returned and came over to us.
   “Noah, please go with the others — the staff will be assembling everyone at the far side of the playing field.”
I shook my head. “I’m not leaving Sam.”
   If they were assembling on the far side of the playing field, that meant they were evacuating the dorms and classrooms too? What the hell was going on?
“Young man, this is not the time to —”
“I need him,” Mel said, interrupting Prima Rosethorn. “Melaina —”
   “If you want a chance to save the girl,” Mel said, “I need him. The only chance Samantha has is to drain off that mana — he is an unmarked, trinitara warlock. He can drain anyone.”
   “Thirteen trebled,” Prima Rosethorn said. “There is no way he can contain —”
“If it can save Sam, I’ll do it,” I interrupted.
   “Neither of you should be so confident in your place that you feel free to continue interrupting me,” Prima Rosethorn said. “You may be a Power in your own right, Melaina, but you well know I am not to be trifled with either. What you propose, when it fails, would treble the power unleashed yet again.” She shook her head. “No, I can’t allow it.”
“I’ll do it — if Mel says there’s a chance, I’ll do it. I don’t care.” “You will die, Magellus Ashe.”
   “You think I’d be living if I let my best friend die when there was a chance I could save her?”
Prima Rosethorn’s nostrils flared.
   “You and I will be having a conversation about just whose school this is, Melaina Blackwood,” Prima Rosethorn said, striding toward the door. “For now, I’m going to have everyone moved back to the edge of the forest,
   
then return to strengthen the wards on the building.” She paused, hand on the doorknob, not looking back. “Good luck.”



“WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?” I asked Mel.
Instead of answering me, Mel turned to Magistra Fallwhistle. “You should go with the others.”
“I won’t leave a patient,” Magistra Fallwhistle said.
   Mel started to argue, but then paused and simply nodded at the other woman.
She turned to look at me.
   “Noah, Prima Rosethorn was not exaggerating the risks. You may not have the capacity to do this — likely not. If you don’t, you’ll die. Even if successful, it’s going to be unbelievably painful for you.”
“Is there any other way to help her?” Mel shook her head.
I nodded.
“Then what do I do?”
   “Samantha’s body has been compelled to produce far more mana than anyone’s should — not only that for an entire coven, but enhancing that as well. She’s creating a huge amount of mana that her body simply can’t process fast enough and it’s rapidly burning her up. What you’ll have to do is draw that mana off, refining and storing it yourself.”
   Magistra Fallwhistle was shaking her head. “Magistra Blackwood — this is incredibly dangerous. He’s eighteen years old and has no coven, his mana stores can’t possibly contain the amount of mana I felt in the girl. Not to mention the dangers of marking.”
   Mel shrugged. “Being marked is not, I think, a fate worse than death — and if we do nothing, Samantha’s death is assured. I believe we can avoid any marking, however, as the connection won’t be too intimate and with Samantha being unconscious, she may not resist enough to trigger the boy’s instincts. Regardless, the real danger will be if Noah can’t contain the refined mana.”