CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

RACHEL WAS IN MY RITUALS CLASS, TOO, SO WE WALKED THERE TOGETHER.
   This room was open in the middle, with the desks in two rows on three of the walls, with the fourth wall covered in whiteboards. The open space in the center had a large circle painted on the floor, its edges right at the crowded desks.
   Rachel and I took seats and, again, all the girls entering after us looked at me and made a point of sitting at least two desks away from me.
   I hefted my backpack off the back of my chair and set it on the desk next to me.
   “At least we have lots of room,” I whispered to Rachel, who giggled, covering her face with her hand, then sobered and straightened up as the teacher entered.
   “Good afternoon, Magellae. Sit down. Settle. Pay attention.” Her strong accent made her speech rapid and clipped, as though each word or two was its own sentence. She looked at me and sighed. “Good afternoon, Magellus, as well.”
   I started to answer, thinking if she’d singled me out it was only polite, but she moved on quickly.
“I am Magistra Cassian. Rituals. Notebooks out.”
   There was a rustle of backpacks and paper as everyone got out notebooks.
   “Take notes. Listen, then write. I give no handouts, no slide decks. Silly waste of time. Now, who can tell the three states of mana?” She looked
   
around the room and some girls had their hands up, but she pointed at a girl who didn’t. “Magella Lee?”
“Um, raw, generated, and refined, Magistra?”
   “‘Um’, not state of mana. Say what you mean, nothing else. Wasted words are wasted time. Wasted time is wasted life. Next, what is raw mana?” Again, hands went up, but she pointed at me. “Magellus Ashe?”
I froze for a bare instant then tried to answer in as few words as I could. “Don’t know.”
   The class erupted in laughter until Magistra Cassian snapped her fingers.
   “Correct,” she said. “You do not.” She glared at the class. “Never laugh at truth, Magellae. Never laugh at ignorance. Former cannot be changed; latter can be; neither care about your opinion.”
She strode to the center of the circle.
   “Raw mana is energy created by life. All life, to single cell.” She pointed at me. “What is raw mana, Magellus?”
I jumped, not expecting her to call on me again, but answered quickly. “Energy created by all life, even a single cell, Magistra.”
She nodded, then scanned the class again.
   “First ignorance, then knowledge. This why you are here. Are any of you not ignorant?” She pointed to the door. “Those may leave, nothing for them here.”
When no one moved, she pointed at Rachel. “Generated mana, Magella Winthrop?”
   “Eep!” Rachel jumped, then quickly said, “Generated mana comes from our body processing raw mana through our experiences, emotional and physical. It’s how we feel those things and it’s what we use for spells and rituals.”
   “Correct, but too many words.” Her eyes scanned the class again. “Only write necessary words. ‘Eep’ not on quiz. Next, refined mana. Magella Carston-Burke.”
   “Mana that’s been taken and returned through a warlock,” a girl in the back row on the other side of the class said.
   “Correct.” Magistra Cassian walked to the whiteboards and slid one aside. The one revealed had the outlines of two people drawn on it in black marker. One was clearly supposed to be female, with a bit of an hourglass figure and the other, blockier one, seemed to be male.
   
She picked up a marker and quickly shaded parts of the female figure. “Raw mana — life.” She grabbed several colored markers and spotted
multicolored dots throughout the figure. “Experiences. Love. Hate. Pain. Pleasure. Calm. Chaos. All you experience is raw mana transformed. More, you experience because raw mana is transformed. All life is transformation. All is change from that to this. Understand?”
   There was a chorus of “Yes, Magistra,” as we all scribbled to copy down the diagram.
“Good.”
   She took up the black marker again and drew two circles inside each of the figures.
   “Resonant stores —” She filled about a third of the circles in the female figure with two different colors. “— capture mana, but only the resonant
—” She made a bunch of different colored sparkles outside of the figure. “— others drift away. Then —”
“Excuse me, Magistra Cassian?”
   I looked up from peppering dots in my notebook to see a girl across the room with her hand raised. The girl next to her was staring at her with wide eyes and rapidly shaking her head back and forth.
“Yes, Magella Patterson?”
   “Isn’t all this sort of, um, basic? I mean, ah, we all know all this — maybe not the feral,” she glanced my way, “but the rest of us do.”
   The girl beside her stopped shaking her head, closed her eyes, and put her head down on her desk.
   “You are not ignorant,” Magistra Cassian said, then pointed at the door. “You may leave.”
“What, but —”
“If I have nothing to teach you, leave.”
   “I wasn’t saying that — we’re here to learn about rituals, not baby stuff.”
The girl next to her slowly slid her desk away from Patterson. “Who taught you baby stuff?” Magistra Cassian asked.
“My mother and aunts —”
“Beverly Patterson is your mother?” “Yeah, and she —”
   “Ask to see grades from my class. D-student should not teach.” She glared around the room, then focused on Patterson again. “Stand up.”
   
“I —”
“Stand up.”
   The girl stood and nervously looked around, but none of the other girls would even meet her eye.
   “Can witch use mana not of her resonant?” Magistra Cassian asked, tapping at the colored dots within the figure.
“No, they’re shed into —”
   “Not these!” The rapid tapping moved to the dots outside the figure, then back to those inside. “These!”
“Well, I guess — before it’s shed, but it’s so little —” “Little equates to nothing, Magella Patterson?” “No.”
   The girl’s shoulders slumped and she looked down. I think she’d figured out she was in for a very bad time.
   “Witch uses mana other than her resonants only in the moment,” Magistra Cassian said, looking around the class again. “Once shed, mana is no longer hers.”
   I felt pretty good for already knowing that. My trips to the strip club, and Sam talking about how she could only use the mana she was generating at the time because she couldn’t fill her Love store, had already taught me this.
   Magistra Cassian turned her back on the girl and faced my side of the class, eyes locking on mine. “Magellus Ashe, others can make use of mana once shed? Yes, no? Do not sit down, Magella Patterson!”
   I jumped at the shout, but Magistra Cassian didn’t even turn back to ensure the girl was standing — which she was, having hopped back out of her seat — and was still staring at me.
   “Yes, Magistra Cassian,” I said, hoping she wouldn’t ask about the details of how I knew, because I really didn’t want to tell the whole class about sucking up mana at a strip club.
   “A warlock can absorb that mana from the ambient environment,” I added, grateful Mel had given me a little information about it.
   “Ew,” several girls said, as though I’d just described going through their trash cans for food.
   “Magella Patterson,” Magistra Cassian said, turning back to the girl. “Ambient and non-resonant mana can be used in ritual? Yes? No?”
   
   To the girl’s credit she thought about it for a moment before saying, “No?”
“Incorrect! And reason your mother failed class.” I leaned over to Rachel.
“I thought she got a D?” I whispered.
   “Fail my class, Magellus Ashe,” Magistra Cassian said without turning around, “you take again.” Her eyes scanned the rows of girls. “And again. And again. Keep in mind.”
She returned to the whiteboard.
   “All,” she said, drawing a wide circle around the female figure, “is available to the warlock in a ritual. Why important to know, Magella Patterson?”
“I…” the girl’s shoulders slumped. “I don’t know, Magistra.”
   Magistra Cassian nodded as though the girl had said something profound.
“Excellent. You may sit down and learn.”
   Magistra Cassian glared around the class for a moment as though daring anyone else to question her — when no one did, she nodded.
   “Magella Winthrop,” she said, “your Family practices difficult rituals, yes? Can you answer question?”
   Rachel shrank in her seat. I slid a hand onto her desk and touched her arm in encouragement. She glanced at me, swallowed, then sat up straighter.
   “If a coven underestimates the power necessary for a ritual and doesn’t have enough to complete it, the results are … disastrous. So, drawing on the ambient mana in the Grove might be the only way to finish the ritual and … survive.”
Magistra Cassian nodded.
   “Yes,” she said. “In major working gone wrong, tiny bit of mana could make difference.” She paused, raising her eyebrows. “Even raw mana?”
The class went still and silent, no one moving.
   Except me, because I didn’t know what the hell she was talking about. If we — well, the girls — had all this raw mana that only filtered through their experiences in dribs and drabs, wouldn’t it make sense to try and access it?
“That … that’s forbidden,” one of the girls said.
Magistra Cassian nodded again.

“Is. Why?”
No one spoke, but Rachel slowly raised her hand. “Yes, Magella Winthrop?”
   “Magistra, unfiltered, raw mana is too much for a witch to control. It’s too powerful, too wild.”
   “Correct, Magella Winthrop. Last time we know of coven attempting to use raw mana in ritual was 1908. Was Siberia. Mundanes believe it some sort of comet, maybe asteroid. But no crater. Witches know truth. Still sense wild mana loose there. Destruction two thousand square kilometers.”
The class was very still.
“So. If ever tempted, you may think on this class and thank me.”
   Magistra Cassian returned to the whiteboard and tapped the female figure’s mana stores.
   “So — now we have mana. Time for ritual, yes?” She looked around the class. “You. Magella Wainright. Time for ritual?”
“No, Magistra.” “Why?”
“Rituals need refined mana, Magistra.”
   “Yes! Not all of answer, but yes. Also, one witch? Not enough mana for ritual. Only covens do ritual. Days, weeks — harvest mana, give to priestess, harvest mana, give to priestess. Fill her.” She held her arms out from her body like she was a huge ball. “Fill to burst like purple girl in chocolate movie.” She tapped the male figure on the board. “So — warlock good for two things. One is take mana to priestess. Other make Magellae blush and not listen to learning.”
   She grabbed a yellow marker and an eraser, then erased the colored mana in the witch figure’s stores.
“So. Warlock take mana and increase. Only in coven.”
She drew yellow lines to the warlock figure’s stores and filled them in. “Increase — how much? You, Magella Smythe.”
“Three-fold, Magistra.”
   “No!” Magistra Cassian threw the yellow marker to the floor. “Is not exact. Is thumb-rule. Different each warlock, each witch. Know your coven
— know how much mana your warlock increases. Important for ritual. Never do ritual from thumb!”
She retrieved her marker and dusted it off.
“How warlock take mana and give to priestess? Magella Wainright.”
   
“Um, sex.”
   That got me a lot of looks and a lot of giggles before Magistra Cassian exploded again.
   “No! No. No. No.” She started pointing around the room. “All you girls, all the time — sex, sex, sex. No!” She held up a finger then slowly brought it down to touch her other hand. “Touch. Fingertip as good as — what famous Warlock Bard say? Any other part belong to man. Touch needed to transfer mana. What increases power? Intimacy.”
A couple hands went up and Magistra Cassian sighed.
   “What’s the difference?” the girl Magistra Cassian pointed at asked. “I mean, we all know we’re going to join a coven and have sex. Isn’t that just it?”
   “This the problem with covens today. Families think so smart. Pick covens — piece, piece, piece. This resonant match! This girl be high priestess! Use spreadsheet like coven is business!” She shook her head. “Coven is not business. Coven is family. You pick coven with love, with heart — coven is friend, coven is lover, coven is sister. Coven is not spreadsheet!”
   Magistra Cassian paused while she looked around the room. I followed her gaze and saw a lot of confused looks, which I didn’t understand, because what Magistra Cassian had said made a lot of sense to me. If I was going to be tied to thirteen women for life, shouldn’t we love each other?
   “Girls not listen.” She shrugged. “Families not listen. Maybe too late.” She took a deep breath. “Tomorrow, we talk circle, Grove, and altar. Questions?”
   “Magistra Cassian?” one of the girls asked. “You said a warlock can only refine power within a coven. I heard a trinitara warlock can exchange mana with any witch and even refine raw mana, is that true?”
   “Yes? No? Raw mana very dangerous. Doesn’t want to be controlled, wants to be free. Outside ritual? Maybe. Exchange with any witch? Trinitara warlock in full coven? Yes, take, give, any witch. No worry. Trinitara warlock without full coven?” She chuckled. “You in coven. Trinitara warlock almost always mark. Take strong witch to mark trinatara. But — you never meet. Three, four, trinitara warlock in world now? I don’t know.” She laughed. “See? I am ignorant, too. No shame.”

