CHAPTER ONE

WAKE UP, NOAH.
“Noah, wake up, dude.”
   The second voice I knew — it was Alex, one of my foster parents — but the other was a kid, a little girl, which was weird because the only girl in the home was Morgan and she was sixteen, seventeen tomorrow, as her birthday was the day after mine. Maybe Alex and Karen had taken another foster in already? Since I was eighteen today and aging out of the system that made sense, but they usually took in teenagers and the girl had sounded younger — maybe eight or nine.
   I pulled the blanket off my head and rolled over — I remembered pulling it over my head when my roommate Chuck got up. He always left the light on — he really had no concern for others.
   “Come on, Noah — Karen’s almost done with breakfast if you want some before you leave.”
   “Okay, okay.” I swung my feet out of bed and sat up, stretching to relieve the kinks that always came with this bed — it was a holdover from when Alex and Karen took in much younger kids, so wasn’t exactly comfortable for my six-foot plus frame. “Who’s the little girl?”
“What little girl?”
   I rubbed at sandy eyes, finger-combed my unruly hair into some semblance of order, and looked around. Alex was in the doorway of the room, but no one else.
“The one who was telling me to wake up?”
   
   Alex frowned from where he was standing in the doorway. He was thin, in his forties, with a long, greasy ponytail and a mustache trying for handlebar but only managing a bad fu-manchu.
   “Dude, that was me.” He looked offended. “You telling me I sound like a little girl?”
   I rubbed at my face some more and ran a hand through my hair to try and wake up. I noticed the hair was getting a little too long — I usually kept it a little long, but it was now past my shoulders and that was a bit much. I probably should have asked Karen for a haircut before aging out, but there wouldn’t be time today.
“No, Alex, sorry — I must have been dreaming.”
   I blinked a couple times and as I woke up I started to think that was probably true. The voice hadn’t been so much heard as … felt? So, it must have been a dream, and it felt like she’d been telling me to wake up all damn night, which was why I was still so horribly tired, despite normally being a bit of a morning person.
   “Breakfast, dude,” Alex said, then looked away as though embarrassed. “Then I gotta ask you to pack up — CPS is dropping someone off this afternoon.”
   I nodded. It wasn’t a surprise. Alex and Karen needed the money and the State stopped paying for me today. They’d probably been nagging Child Protective Services for months to set up a replacement for me.
   “I know,” I said. “I’m mostly packed already — I’ll be out right after breakfast.”
Alex’s shoulders slumped. “Sorry, dude — it’s just —”
   “It’s okay, Alex. I know how it goes.” I stood up and held out my hand. “You guys have been really good to me — thanks for everything, okay?”
   “Yeah, dude, no problem. Ah, your case worker left a packet for you — services and stuff. Karen has it downstairs.”
Alex took my hand briefly, then left me alone.
   I really was grateful to them. I’d been with Alex and Karen since I was thirteen. Other foster homes before that, but Alex and Karen took in mostly teenagers, so when I’d gotten older than the previous home liked, the State moved me. That had happened two other times — first the home I’d started in as an abandoned infant, then a second at five when I started school, then Alex and Karen.
   
Three families I knew I was never going to see again after moving on.
   I got dressed and set my backpack on my bed so it would be easier to finish packing after breakfast, then went downstairs.
   My roommate, Chuck, was just finishing his when I came into the dining room, so I got a quick fist bump and a “good luck” as he rinsed his plate and headed out for the day.
“Here you go,” Karen said, setting a plate on the dining table.
   I sat down to a breakfast of oatmeal and fruit, which was pretty typical for a breakfast here. Not fancy, but it was real food — filling and nutritious. The oatmeal was even fresh made, not from a packet, since that was less expensive when cooking for this many people. Sure, the fruit was barely-thawed from its previously frozen state, but that was another cost issue and it was still real fruit, not some strawberry-flavored candy thing. Despite the distance I felt from Alex and Karen, I couldn’t say they didn’t provide for us. I’d had food, shelter, clothing … everything you need, right?
   “And here’s your information packet,” Karen said, sliding a heavy manila envelope onto the table next to me. “Mrs. Dexter dropped it off for you early this morning, but I didn’t want to wake you. She said something came up and she wouldn’t be able to drive you to set up services this morning, but if you scheduled an appointment with her office…”
   Karen’s voice trailed off — I think she was as familiar as I was with how well scheduling appointments with Mrs. Dexter or any of the other CPS case workers typically went.
“Thanks,” I mumbled around a mouthful of oatmeal.
Karen patted me on the shoulder, then returned to the kitchen.
   I didn’t bother opening the packet or even looking at it — I knew what it contained because Mrs. Dexter, my case worker for most of my life, had explained what I’d get.
   All my records from a lifetime in foster care; a birth certificate with their best guess at my birth date, June fourth — “best guess”, because I’d been abandoned in a baby drop at a fire station — and lists of services I could sign up for now that I was going to be on my own.
   Housing was going to be my first stop, I’d already decided, so I’d head for the shelters first and get signed up, then one of the job placement services, then the financial services. I had about a hundred dollars saved and stashed in my backpack, which would buy me some food for a few
   
days, and if I could find a job then I wouldn’t need the welfare services for long.
   Mrs. Dexter had talked about taking me around to sign up for everything beforehand, but it never happened. Case workers talked about a lot of things that never happened.
I finished my breakfast, then went upstairs to finish packing.
   Everything I owned fit in my backpack now that I’d emptied it of textbooks and other school crap after the last day of school. As far as clothing went, I had seven of most things. Karen was a big believer in efficiency, so all us kids had enough clothes for one week, the time between laundry days: pants on Monday, shirts on Tuesday, underwear and socks on Wednesday. Sheets got washed on Thursday and Friday, because there were so many of us in the house. So, seven of everything, except jeans, because you can wear a pair of jeans for more than one day, Karen said.
   There wasn’t a lot of variety, and nothing fancy, but I’d always had something to wear, and all of it rolled up tightly and fit inside my backpack. To be fair to Karen and Alex, some of the other kids had more in the way of clothing because they’d give us each a little bit of money each week.
Some kids bought nicer clothes with it, but I’d tried to save as much as I could over the years, which is where the hundred dollars came from.
   Yeah, a hundred dollars wasn’t much to show for five years of saving, but I had bought things, just not clothes — usually treats for me and Morgan, probably the only person I could really call a friend after a lifetime in foster care. She was the only thing I was going to miss about this place.
   I took a last look around the room I’d spent years of my life in, then headed downstairs for the last time.



“ALL PACKED?” Karen asked as I entered the kitchen. “Yep,” I said. “Everything.”
   I set my house key on the counter since I wouldn’t be needing it anymore.
Karen held out her arms, so I gave her a hug, and she squeezed me hard. “You’re going be okay, I know it,” she said, patting my back.
“Thanks — thanks for everything. Do you know where Morgan is?”
   
Karen released me from the hug and nodded.
   “She’s out front — and here’s a couple sandwiches I made for you,” she said, handing me a paper bag. “Keep in touch?”
“Yeah, thanks.”
   I nodded, even though I’d seen kid after kid leave with her saying those same words over the years and couldn’t remember any of them keeping in touch. Maybe they did with Karen and the rest of us just never heard about it? I don’t know — maybe Alex and Karen could have been a bit more parenty if they’d had just one or two kids in the house, but with eight? There always seemed to be some distance.
   I’d absolutely keep in touch with Morgan, if I could — she was another babydrop-lifer like I was and had been here as long as I had. In fact, we’d been placed with Karen and Alex within a week of each other and Morgan had quickly become like a little sister to me — an annoying, demanding little sister … which I guess was probably redundant. We even looked enough alike, with similar hair and eye color, that people often asked if we were siblings.
   “Hey, you,” I said, finding her on the front steps. I closed the door behind me and sat next to her.
“Hey.”
   Morgan tried to pass herself off as a tough girl — short, brown hair she colored blonde but never all the way, thrift-store jeans with rips they came by honestly, boots, leather jacket over a loose t-shirt, and fingerless gloves I never saw the point of. I didn’t think she pulled off the look, because her brown eyes were too soft and her upturned nose far too cute, but I also got to see the more vulnerable side she never showed anyone else, so maybe I was biased. It was a warm day, so she had her jacket off, but she never went anywhere without it.
   She was very attractive, in a tomboy sort of way, and I’d never understood why she didn’t date. It was a lot easier for a girl in foster care to date than a guy, not needing to have a lot of money or a more private place to hang out.
   “You’re going?” she asked, putting her elbows on her knees and looking down at her feet.
   “Yeah, I need to get started finding someplace to live and a job. Alex said there’s someone new coming this afternoon.”
   
   “Great, another asshole,” Morgan muttered, then looked at me with wide eyes. “Not you! I meant —”
“I know what you meant,” I said, laughing.
   She wasn’t wrong — most of the guys here were assholes, especially to her. I’d never figured out why CPS had put her here when the rest of the home was all guys — maybe because there hadn’t been anywhere else at the time, and once you were placed somewhere it was hard to get moved. If there weren’t any serious problems or other reasons, you pretty much stayed where you were.
“You’ll be alright,” I said, nudging her with my shoulder. “Yeah, you’ll be okay, too.”
   Our bare arms touched and my skin tingled, like a low voltage current running through us.
“You still got that?” Morgan asked, seeing me rub at my arm. “Yeah.” I frowned. “I wish I knew what it was.”
   It was a weird thing that started about six months ago — I’d get this almost electrical tingle when touching someone, even when not touching anyone sometimes, and Karen had taken me to the doctor to find out what it was. Probably because if I had some major medical thing, they could postpone me aging out, even until I was twenty-five if it was serious enough. The doctors hadn’t figured it out, so I guess I was stuck with it.
   My arm was still tingling and I shivered as it spread to cover my whole body.
   It wasn’t unpleasant — in fact, it was kind of nice — and I always felt better when it happened. Right now, I was feeling refreshed, even after a rough night’s sleep, but that didn’t keep me from yawning as soon as I thought about how tired I’d been.
“Bad night, too?” Morgan asked.
   “Yeah,” I frowned. “I kept dreaming about someone trying to wake me up.”
   “What? Like the rental-‘rents trying to get you up early so they could cash a new check?”
I laughed again.
   “No, it was more like a little girl — I think she got a bit pissy near the end, though.”
   A cloud passed across the sun, sending the front yard into shadow and I shivered, then jumped as something landed in my lap.
   
   I looked down to find the neighborhood cat curling up into a ball in my lap and already purring.
   “Felicity’s going to miss you,” Morgan said as I started petting the purring cat.
“Yeah, I’m going to miss her, too.”
   I scratched at the cat’s left ear, just at the junction between her black fur and the white patches that peppered her left side. Her right side was all black, but the left had big, irregular patches of white. I’d never seen a cat with that kind of coloring before. The bell on her collar jingled and she arched her neck up into the scratches.
   I’d spent a lot of time scratching Felicity. The cat had been a good friend, at times, listening to the things I couldn’t even tell Morgan. There are things a teenage guy can’t really talk about with a girl, even if she’s like a sister — maybe especially if she’s like a sister — but Felicity always seemed to turn up at those times to listen.
   We’d never figured out which neighbors owned her, even after Morgan and I once went door to door asking.
   “I’m going to miss you, too,” Morgan whispered, looking down at her feet again.
“Me, too, boogerface.”
“Don’t call me that! I was twelve!”
   I chuckled and shrugged. “Hey, you wipe boogers on your own cheeks, it takes a while for people to forget.”
“It was a dare! Your dare!” I shrugged.
   She stuck her tongue out at me, then sobered again and we just sat in silence for a bit.
“What about me?” Morgan finally asked. “What?”
“Am I going to see you again?”
“Of course — we talked about that.”
Morgan shrugged. “People say things they don’t mean all the time.”
   I shivered again — between the cloud-covered sun and the damn tingling, which was getting worse, I was wondering if I should have taken a jacket even though it was June. I hadn’t because Karen and Alex would probably need all my winter stuff for the next kid and I’d certainly have a job and my own money by the time it got cold enough for me to need one.
   
   “Not me,” I said. “As soon as I get a job, I’ll get a phone and we’ll talk just as much as we do now.” None of us kids had cell phones, but the house had a landline. “And by the time you turn eighteen, I’ll have my own place and you can come stay with me while you get on your feet.”
   “That’s a long time. What if they move me to another home? Or what if you’re busy, or move to another city, or … you could meet someone and maybe she wouldn’t want me moving in, or — I don’t know. Anything could happen.”
   That wasn’t likely, given she only had a year more to do, but the facts didn’t matter. I could tell she was scared she’d get dumped on the streets like I was, and just needed reassurance, even though her fears were unfounded. It wasn’t like I was planning on doing a lot of dating for a while
— I needed to get my own feet under me before I even thought about that.
   I understood why Morgan was worried, though — we’d watched a lot of kids leave over the years. All saying they’d be in touch, but they never did. Even some guys who’d had the same plan Morgan and I did, but they never followed through. Guys waiting for a call right up until the day came for them to leave — but it never came, and there was no one coming to pick them up. I wasn’t going to do that to Morgan, no matter what.
   “It’s a year from tomorrow, not that long. And I’ll find you, no matter what.”
“Promise?”
I held up my hand, pinkie extended. “Pinkie swear.”
“I’m not twelve!”
“Pinkie swear!” I said, sternly.
Morgan stuck her tongue out at me again, but linked pinkies anyway. “A year and a day,” I said. “I’ll come get you, no matter what.”
   That damn cloud finally passed the sun and the yard was warm again. Felicity purred louder, then hopped off my lap and dashed away, collar-bell jingling.

CHAPTER TWO

THE  FIRST  THING  I LEARNED  ABOUT  BEING  ON  MY  OWN  WAS  THAT
everything takes longer than you think it will.
   The walk from Karen and Alex’s to the bus stop took longer, the bus was behind schedule and only got more so during my ride, and the line at the first shelter I went to was much longer than I expected.
   The next thing I learned was that there are a lot of homeless people in this country.
   The first shelter I stopped at had a line, even at ten a.m., and well before I got to the front of the line, they were announcing that they were full for the night. Apparently, you had to sign-up each day, as early as possible.
   The second one I heard a couple guys in the first line talking about and saying they always had room — but when I got there, I found out they always had room because they were charging thirty bucks a night. That got you a small room instead of a bunk in some dormitory, but it was still a third of what cash I had — too much.
   By the time I got to the third shelter, it was clear that they’d all be full for the night, and it was only noon, so I decided to move on to job placement.
   I ate Karen’s sandwiches on the way to the first job placement agency and washed them down with water from a fountain in an office building along the way.
Did I mention that everything takes longer than you expect?
   Job placement had both a line and a waiting area. First you waited in the line to get the forms you should fill out in the waiting area, where you then
   
waited to be called to turn in the forms.
It’s a process, I guess.

“NOAH ASHE! Next, please, Noah Ashe! Window eight!” I hopped up out of my seat and hurried to the window. The woman there looked me up and down.
“Noah Ashe?” “Yes, ma’am.”
I slid my completed paperwork through the window. “ID?” she asked, taking the papers.
I pulled out my wallet and handed over my school ID. “What’s this?”
   “Um, my student ID, ma’am — I haven’t had a chance to go to the DMV and get a —”
   The woman sighed, cutting me off. She picked up the paperwork I’d filled out and sighed again.
“You didn’t fill out the address.” “I’m, ah, sort of between addresses?”
   “Not a problem, what’s the address of the shelter you stayed at most recently?”
“I haven’t, ma’am, I just aged out of foster care, and —” She cut me off again with a shake of her head.
   “You need an address and you need ID.” She handed back my student ID. “That’s not even valid anymore.” She looked at me and sighed again. “Look, in order to be hired you have to fill out a government I9 form to prove you’re here legally and are allowed to work.”
“I was born here, though.” At least I assumed I was.
   “Doesn’t matter,” she said. “Federal law, you need to prove it.” She rummaged in a drawer and pulled out a form labeled I9. “Here, see? You need either one ID from List A — that’s a passport, passport card, or permanent resident card. If you don’t have those, then you need one from both List B and List C. That’s a driver’s license or state ID card … a school
   
ID would work, but yours is expired, or a military ID. Then from List C — that’s a social security card or a certified birth certificate.”
   “I have both of those!” I reached for my backpack and the packet of papers Mrs. Dexter had left me.
“Do you have something from List B?” My shoulders slumped.
   “What you need to do,” the woman said, “is go get in a shelter for the night, then first thing in the morning go to the DMV and get your ID, then come back here and I can find something for you. Okay?”
   I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I’d accomplished absolutely nothing all day and all the shelters were probably full — and even if they weren’t, the only ones that would have room were the ones that charged, so a third of my cash would be gone.
And I’d still be at square one when I woke up tomorrow. “Come back tomorrow,” she said. “You’ll be okay.”

