CHAPTER FORTY-THREE

THE SOUND OF A DOOR CLOSING WOKE ME UP.
   I opened my eyes to find Rachel exactly where she’d been when I fell asleep, sitting on the edge of my bed glaring at the other girls who were all on Sam’s bed with either laptops or books. Aside from Brittany who seemed to have fallen asleep leaning against her sister’s shoulder.
   Sometime in my sleep, I’d stretched an arm out and my fingertips were touching Rachel’s thigh — I figured if she hadn’t moved it while I was asleep then she didn’t mind.
   “Sorry I’m late — Prima Rosethorn said Noah needed some time to recover from a potion and sent me to the library,” Sam said, coming into the main room. “Did I miss anything?”
   “Prima Rosethorn gave Noah a potion that made him tell the truth for two hours,” Brittany said.
“And stare at our boobs,” Ava added.
“I’m pretty sure that was just Noah,” Rachel said. “He does that.”
   “A truth potion? Really?” Sam asked. She bounced onto my bed beside Rachel. “What’d we find out? Dish!”
“Nothing,” Isabella said, clearly disappointed. “What? How not?”
“Rachel wouldn’t let us.”
“Why not?” Sam asked, glaring at Rachel.
   “It wouldn’t be fair,” Rachel said. “They were trying to take advantage of him.”
Sam put an arm around Rachel’s shoulders, drawing her close.  
   “That’s so sweet — we really need to work on your corruption-level.” Sam sighed. “Okay, missed opportunity.” She turned her attention to Ava and Isabella. “Anyway, we wanted to talk to you two because we’re going to try and clear Noah of Katrina’s murder and could use your help. Plus, if we’re looking at things that way, we might find some evidence the teachers are missing.”
Ava glanced at Brittany and Rachel. “They told us — count us in.”
   I was a little surprised that Ava and Isabella were so quick to agree — and, now that my head had cleared and I could think about it — that they hadn’t seemed to suspect me when I’d first come back to the room.
“You believe I didn’t do it?” I asked.
   “Most of the seniors do,” Isabella said. “You’re a first-year — there’s no way you could hide something like that from Prima Rosethorn and the rest of the faculty, so if they haven’t locked you up, you probably didn’t do it.”
“It’s only the lower grades that are freaking out about you,” Ava added. “We’re more mature,” Isabella said.
   I remembered the questions they’d asked before Rachel intervened and had to question that.
   “Good,” Sam said. “We have two paths to investigate. First, we want to check Katrina’s body for any hidden vampire marks, since a vampire could have done this. Second, we want to check out where she was found — that’s where Hannah comes in.”
“Why her?” Ava asked, making me glad that I didn’t have to for once. “Hannah’s got Hindsight,” Brittany said.
“Oh,” the other girls said together.
I sighed, resigned to my place in witch society. “What’s Hindsight?” “Do you remember the replays at the spellstick tryouts?” Rachel asked,
then when I nodded, “That’s Hindsight.”
   “Which is a big part of why we believe you didn’t do it,” Ava said. “The teachers would have cast Hindsight on the scene first thing and there’s no way a first-year warlock could keep them from seeing him do it.”
Isabella nodded.
   “Ava, you and Isabella are the best glamours in the school,” Sam said. Both girls nodded as though simply acknowledging a known fact. “I think it would be best to split up and do both things at once, rather than some of us waiting around or all of us trying to sneak into the same place.”
Everybody nodded agreement.  
   “Isabella, you, me, and Rachel will sneak into the clinic to look at Katrina. Rachel’s the closest thing we have to an expert on vampires, since the Winthrops know a lot about them.” Rachel flushed a little, but didn’t object. “Then Ava, you take Noah, Brittany, and Hannah into the State Park. Hannah, we need your Hindsight there.”
The girls nodded, but all looked a little nervous.
   “Any thoughts before we get started?” Sam asked and all the girls shook their heads.
“Sounds like a plan,” Ava said.
I scooted around to get my feet off my bed and sit like everyone else. “Um, I’d just like to say I appreciate you all going to bat for me like
this.”
   Sam, Rachel, Brittany, and even Hannah gave me small smiles, but Ava and Isabella shared a look.
   “Ava and I are doing this for Katrina,” Isabella said. “We might not think you had anything to do with it, but if we find out you did, I’ll kill you myself.”
It was a fair point.
THE FOREST WAS bright with sunlight streaming through the leaves as we passed Willowmere’s Grove and made our way toward the State Park.
   That felt wrong to me — we were on our way to the scene of a murder. We should have been walking through gloomy shadows with an eerie wind blowing, not sunlight and birdsong.
   Our group was far less upbeat than the forest. Ava led the way, quietly keeping up her glamour to conceal us. We crossed the wards to leave the campus without incident and I wondered if the wards had notified Prima Rosethorn. Was four students crossing different than forty? Would Prima Rosethorn be too occupied with other things to notice, or would she let us go?
Either way, we crossed the wards and no one stopped us.
   Other than a brief tingle of mana from the wards, there was no sign of the change, only a gradual thinning of the trees until we reached the tree line around the State Park’s Cove.   
   I saw yellow police tape blocking off the space between the concession stands where Hannah and I had been attacked by the four frat guys, but there was no police presence left. I thought that must mean none of the four had died — if it had been more than assault the police were dealing with, they’d surely still be processing the scene.
   Still, we stayed inside the trees and worked our way around the Cove’s parking lot to where we’d heard Katrina’s body was found, just in case.
I caught Hannah staring at the concession stands as we walked.
   I’d stared at them too, but Hannah couldn’t seem to tear her gaze away and her face was haunted. That was understandable, given what had happened — and almost happened — the night before, but I didn’t think it was good for her to dwell on it that much, so I stepped forward, blocking her view of the concessions as we walked.
   Hannah looked me in the eye for a few steps, then returned to looking forward, but her hand reached out and clasped mine.
   I gave her hand a little squeeze and when she didn’t let go, I didn’t either, but Brittany, walking on her other side, caught the little exchange and looked at me quizzically.
Things were getting complicated, I guess.
   I’d told Sam what had happened the night before — and Prima Rosethorn and Mel, of course — but no one else, and if Hannah hadn’t told anyone, even her sister, then I wouldn’t either, which would leave Brittany wondering what had suddenly happened to get Hannah holding my hand as we walked toward a murder site.
A minute later, Ava stopped.
“I think this is near where they found her,” she whispered.
   I looked around — nothing in the forest would suggest there’d been a murder. I’d expect there to be signs of a struggle, broken tree limbs, crushed plants, even blood — but things were as peaceful as if nothing had happened here.
Ava looked expectantly at Hannah.
“Um, that’s not how it works,” Hannah said. “What do you mean?”
Hannah licked her lips and looked around.
   “I’m not very strong yet,” she said. “I mean, I have a lot of mana — for me — right now, after what happ … just, from stuff.”   
   I caught Brittany giving her sister a worried look. I thought Hannah might be referring to us being attacked, but didn’t know what that might have to do with how much mana she had.
   “But I need specifics,” Hannah went on. “I need to be within about twenty feet of where someone was and know when they were there — by about five minutes.”
Ava looked around, clearly frustrated.
   “The teachers found her body,” Ava said. “We don’t know exactly where or when she died. Did we come out here for nothing?”
   “I’m sorry,” Hannah said. “Once I have a handle on the past, I can follow someone, but I have to stay within twenty feet of them, and I need a starting place and time”
   “You have no idea how infuriating playing hide-and-seek with her was,” Brittany muttered.
   “Like knowing where someone’s going to hide ahead of time isn’t cheating,” Hannah shot back at her sister.
“This isn’t a game!” Ava yelled. “What are we supposed to do now?” “I’m sorry,” Hannah said. “I — I’m not that strong.”
I gave the hand I was still holding a squeeze.
   “Hey, we’ll figure this out,” I said, thinking about it. “How long can you follow someone or whatever once you find them?”
Hannah shrugged. “That’s easy — a couple hours.” I nodded. “Okay, come on.”
I tugged her hand and led her out of the trees into the parking lot.
   “What are you doing?” Ava hissed. “Someone might see us! I can’t maintain a glamour out in the open like that!”
   I shrugged, still walking and pulling Hannah along. “So? What’s the worst that could happen? They’ll tell us to leave.”
“What? No! There was a crime here last night!”
   I knew she was talking about the frat guys beating each other up, not Katrina.
“So?”
   Ava sputtered. “The mundane police could be watching — you know, surveillance! Waiting for someone to come back to the scene or whatever!”
   I paused and grinned, thankful that for once I knew something the witches didn’t.   
   “I think you watch too many TV shows. It was a fight — the cops aren’t going to be looking for anything more complicated than that.”
   I started leading Hannah into the parking lot again, looking around to get my bearings.
“What if they told?” Hannah whispered to me.
   “Even if they were stupid enough to try telling the cops someone hypnotized them into beating up their buddies or something, they’d know if the cops found us, we’d tell them about what else those assholes tried to do. No way are they going to want that kind of heat.”
   I was certain those guys would keep their mouths shut about what happened. At most, they might try to find me and get some revenge, but I doubted even that. Lenny and Jock were probably still in jail, while Leader and Sweats were probably still in the hospital.
   “All right,” I said when we’d gotten to what I thought was the right spot. “Brittany and I left the dorms at quarter of eight because we were all supposed to meet just past the Grove at eight. Ava, how long is the walk through the woods to the parking lot here?”
   I figured Ava would have a better idea than I did, since I hadn’t really been paying attention during the walk to or from the Cove, while she was one of the pair leading the group.
   Ava looked around the parking lot and up at the sky like she was expecting a SWAT team to rappel down from a helicopter any minute. I thought it was hilarious how concerned she was about the mundane police when she was perfectly okay with sneaking a bunch of us off campus. Prima Rosethorn was way scarier than a SWAT team.
“Twenty minutes,” she said.
   “Right, so eight twenty we’d be at the trees there,” I pointed, “and Katrina and I came straight here. The beer kegs were … there.” I pointed again. “So, between eight twenty and eight thirty Katrina and I were both right around here.”
   The space was more than twenty feet across, but I didn’t think I could get things any closer.
“Is that close enough?” I asked Hannah. “Maybe?”
   I squeezed her hand before letting it go. “You can do it. Do your witchy thing.”  
   Hannah gave me a smile, then closed her eyes and held her hands to either side, palms down.
   She turned in place, brow furrowed, while she mumbled to herself, then shook her head and took a couple steps forward.
“Sometimes I can search by moving around,” she whispered.
   “Straight ahead,” I said. “That’s where the beer kegs were and Katrina went that way.”
   Hannah nodded, not opening her eyes, and took a few more steps forward.
   “You got this,” I whispered to her, just before she opened her eyes and pointed.
“There.”
A few feet ahead of us, a ghostly image of Katrina appeared. “Mother’s tears,” Ava whispered, one hand to her mouth.
   I had the same feeling. It was disturbing to stand there and look at the image of someone you knew was already dead.
“She’s talking to someone,” Hannah said. “Let me see who.” A moment later a second image appeared next to Katrina. “Noah?” Brittany whispered.
I nodded.
“Yeah, this is where we split up.”
   I swallowed hard, watching as the ghostly Katrina’s lips moved, followed by my own. I knew she was asking if I wanted to get a beer and then dance. I was telling her later.
   My eyes burned. Then burned even more as my image turned and left Katrina behind, while the girl’s shoulders slumped and she turned to walk in the other direction. I hadn’t even noticed her reaction — if I had, would I have changed my mind? I wish I knew.
   For over an hour we followed Katrina’s image around the Cove. Through the parking lot, to the dance floor where she danced for a while. When it looked like she was interacting with someone, Hannah would show us who. Ava made a note of the time and place in case we wanted to follow whoever Katrina had talked to later.
   As we neared two hours, I wondered if Hannah might need some rest. We wanted to find out what happened, but I didn’t want her pushing herself too far.
“Do you need a break?” I asked her.
Hannah shook her head. “I’m good — barely down half my mana.”
   She’d said a couple hours, but we’d passed that and she’d only used half her mana?
   Hannah must have seen the question on my face, because she looked around to be sure Ava wasn’t close and then whispered, “My resonant’s Regret — that’s where Hindsight comes from.” She shrugged. “It’s pretty full right now.”
   Shit. I started wondering if the witches had any good resonants. The best I had was Lust, and even that kind of sucked a lot of the time.
   Katrina’s shade left the dance floor and went down to the beach, past the remnants of the bonfires, and stood for a long time staring farther down the beach.
   Maybe she wasn’t looking at the spot where I’d sat, I told myself. Maybe Katrina hadn’t stood there and stared at me — sitting alone and then talking with Hannah. Maybe I imagined the look of hurt on her shade’s face as she turned and walked back toward the parking lot. Maybe Katrina hadn’t spent her last hours in pain because I’d rejected her. Maybe I’m not an asshole.
   I glanced at Hannah as we followed. Regret as a resonant? I’d be a fucking nuclear reactor right now.
   Katrina wandered back past where the dancing had been, past the beer kegs, past where I thought the cars had been set up to shine their lights on the party. She sat on one of the parking curbs and hugged her knees.
   After several minutes she looked up and frowned. She looked around what must have been complete darkness.
And then she ran.
“WHAT?” Ava asked as we hurried to follow Katrina’s running image. “What is she running from?”
   “I don’t know,” Hannah panted. She was having to both run and maintain whatever concentration her Hindsight required. “I’m looking but I can’t see anything!”
“Well, she can see it!” Katrina clearly could.
   
   She kept looking back, almost at us, and her face was a rictus of fear. Eyes wide, she ran. Into the trees not far from where we’d started. Deeper into the forest, then she tripped, sprawling to the ground.
   In some weird juxtaposition of the past and present, I could see the disturbed leaves and furrowed dirt as her shade sprawled across the forest floor, scrambled to her feet, and then —
“Oh, Goddess,” Ava breathed as we came to a stop.
   Katrina’s image was lifted off the forest floor and slammed into the trunk of a massive tree. Her hands grasped at her throat — near her throat, as though clutching at a ghostly, invisible arm that held her there.
   “I can’t —” Brittany turned away, tears streaming down her face, and covered her mouth with her hands.
I don’t know what we’d been thinking.
   Rush into the forest, have Hannah replay a murder, and not expect to see something this horrifying?
“What’s doing this to her?”
   “I don’t know,” Hannah cried. “I can’t see anything — it’s like there’s nothing there!”
Katrina struggled, but as she did the glow of her image began to fade. Not all at once — it started at the edges. Her head, her arms, her legs,
all started going dark.
“What’s happening?” Ava asked.
   “I don’t know,” Hannah whispered. “I’ve never seen anything like this before.”
   That scared me. Something Hannah’s magic couldn’t see — something the witches hadn’t seen before.
I looked around the forest, wondering if it could still be here, watching us.
