CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE

“TRY THE MAUVE ONE,” SAM SAID, REACHING INTO MY CLOSET AT MEL’S
place.
“That’s the one you told me not to wear!” “To a college party, this is different.”
   “Yeah, it’s different because Morgan isn’t going to care what I wear — we lived together for five years. She’s seen me at my worst.”
   “She hasn’t seen you in six months,” Sam said while I changed shirts … again. “You should look like you’re doing well, not living on the streets or something.”
   I looked at my bed where the shirt I’d been planning to wear before Sam’s “help” was piled up. To me, it looked identical to the one I was putting on, except for color.
“I don’t think I looked like I was homeless or something.”
   Sam snorted, then adjusted my collar, snugged each button, and tugged the purple shirt down firmly. It’s purple. I don’t know what the hell “mauve” is.
   “You’re living with Melaina Seraphina Blackwood,” Sam said firmly. “Do you want to make The Blackwood look bad?”
“No, I don’t want that.”
   “Besides, you’re my warlock now. Get used to me making sure you look good, because I want all the jealousy.”
   For being Dominus of my coven, I seemed to be getting told what to do quite a bit. I’d thought living under the control of the State’s Child Protective Services and in a foster home had me accustomed to being
   
bossed around — they had nothing on Mel and Sam, even if I was supposed to be the one in charge of Sam through our coven bond. I suppose I could have just told her to stop and worn whatever I wanted, but she seemed to be having fun. I guess there’s magical control shit and then there’s the power a girl you care about has over you. Guess which is stronger?
Sam nodded. “Yeah, that one.” “Okay, let’s get go —”
   “Not the cocoa one,” Sam stopped me as I reached back into the closet for my jacket. “Not with mauve — wear the black one.”
“The brown one’s warmer —”
   “Not the cocoa one! Not with mauve. Mother’s frown, you’re such a guy.” She pulled my black jacket out of the closet and handed it to me. She waited until I put it on, then straightened something that wasn’t crooked. “Perfect, let’s get going.”
   We went downstairs. Mel was in the kitchen, looking through the cabinets and checking things on her laptop. She’d been busy researching Christmas since the day before when she’d realized I’d spent my life celebrating that instead of Solstice — and after she’d questioned me about it and found out how much Christmas in a foster family usually sucked.
Then she started watching Christmas movies and I was a little afraid. “Do you have your card and phone, dear?” Mel asked as we passed
through the kitchen.
   The two days since the Solstice, and Sam and I forming a coven, had seen a lot of changes around Mel’s.
   I’d always been reluctant to ask Mel for anything, since she’d done so much for me already, but Sam had no such reservations now that we were a coven. She told me the workload could be divided more evenly once I had more witches, but until then, she’d take care of things. Apparently being Dominus didn’t mean you had to control everything, it mostly meant letting the rest of the coven serve you by taking care of things so you didn’t have to.
I had mixed feelings.
   Taking care of things included letting Mel know that our coven needed some seed money — a tradition amongst witches for the Families involved to set a new coven up properly. We weren’t likely to get anything from the Prescotts, who Sam still hadn’t told about being marked by me, but she thought Mel would see it differently.
   
   The next thing I knew, Mel was reaching into a desk drawer and handing Sam and I credit cards — they had Mel’s name on them, but with chips and tapping, nobody checked that anymore — to “tide us over” until the authorized user cards she ordered for us came. And those were to “tide us over” until we could get our own coven accounts set up and there was someplace for her to transfer funds.
   I objected to that, saying I didn’t want to take all Mel’s money, to which Mel asked if I was planning to purchase a small country or, possibly, a Fortune 500 company, and Sam said we’d need to have a talk about the effects of compounding over several hundred years.
   The end result was that I had a credit card in my wallet, instead of the thirty-four dollars in cash I had left after aging out, and my own phone, so I could order our rideshare myself instead of asking Sam to do it — which didn’t stop her from doing it before I could, because I was Dominus.
   “I have both — thanks, Mel!” I called, hurrying out the door because Ricardo was two minutes away in a black Volkswagen Jetta.
   We slid into the back seat and were on our way — a lot more comfortably than the bus and subway I’d been planning on taking.
   Sam sat close to me, touching me from heel to shoulder. She’d been doing that ever since … the Event of the Solstice, which she insisted on calling it. I was never going to live that down.
   It was weird to drive through my old neighborhood — it’d only been six months since I’d last seen it. Maybe the place hadn’t really changed, but it seemed so different. I guess I’d gotten used to Willowmere.
   The difference didn’t bother me, though, it just was — and the knowledge that I’d be seeing Morgan again in a few minutes made me oddly optimistic about the future, as though she was an anchor to my old life, and maybe a bridge between old and new.
   There was a lot still ahead of me — us, I corrected myself, giving Sam’s thigh a squeeze — but I thought it would be okay. There was college to finish — assuming Prima Rosethorn didn’t kick us out of Willowmere, but I figured Mel would just verbally assault her until she gave in. We still had to tell Sam’s Family that they’d lost their new trinitara witch and wouldn’t be getting her back, because she was all mine. I still needed to make up with Felicity, but Sam assured me the cat-witch just needed some time, and no little abject apologetics from me, and it would work out. I didn’t know everything I had to apologize for, but that was okay — I think if I was
   
going to live with thirteen women in a coven, then I should probably get used to apologizing for no reason. And there was still Katrina’s murder, and the presence of some undetectable, mana-eating creature, hanging over us and every witch at Willowmere — we hadn’t forgotten about her. I was no less determined that whoever killed her was going to pay, but until we could discover more, there was little we could do but move on with our own lives.
It was a lot, but I thought we could handle it.
   Ricardo pulled over about half a block before the coffee shop and we piled out.
   “Are you sure you don’t want me to go hang out somewhere until you’re done?” Sam asked.
“No, I want you to meet Morgan — she’s been a big part of my life.” Sam hugged my arm as we walked. “And we’ll keep it that way.”
Sam and I had started spending a lot of time talking late at night in bed
… after other things. Some of that was me telling her my concerns about Morgan and my promises to be there for her when she aged out in six months. We hadn’t figured out how to handle that, but I had come to believe it was “we” who would be. Sam was quick to show me that whatever came, we were facing it as a team now. It was a new experience for me, having someone I could count on so much.
   “Oh, here,” Sam said as we neared the coffee shop, handing me the bag she was carrying. “You should carry this so it doesn’t look like it’s coming from me.”
The bag had my Christmas gift for Morgan in it.
   I’d wracked my brain for weeks trying to come up with something … something that cost less than thirty-four dollars, then Mel gave me the credit card and I knew exactly what to get Morgan.
   I didn’t want Morgan to feel like I’d forgotten her or she wasn’t a priority to me — I’d fucked up too often like that lately — so the bag held a new cell phone. That way we could reach each other without leaving messages or dealing with the creepy Gabriel.
   As we entered the coffee shop and I started scanning for Morgan, Sam suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me to the side.
“Hsst! There’s a witch here!” she whispered sharply.
   I was surprised, but not too worried — I was with Sam, so any witch who didn’t know us would assume we were part of the same coven. It might be odd for a warlock to be out in public, but accompanied by a witch, no
   
one would assume I was up for grabs — and if they did know who I was, the protection of both Willowmere and Mel should keep all but the most predatory witches at bay.
   “Where?” I asked, mostly unnecessarily, because I was already scanning the room for shields and mana — then I saw her.
   No shields, because she was untrained, and resonants not really visible, because she hadn’t yet come into her full power — being in her eighteenth year, but still six months away from her birthday.
Morgan was a witch.