“Better,” Sam said. “Noah, this is Brittany and Hannah — Hannah’s a senior and Brittany’s a freshman like us. They’re sisters, if you hadn’t figured that out.” She glared at the two girls and gave a disgusted sigh. “And apparently, they think that you’re going to try to have your way with them right here on the cafeteria table.”
   Both the girls blushed, and I began to wonder if these witch Families might actually be so insular that the girls here really hadn’t ever seen a guy before.
“I wouldn’t do that,” I said, taking a sip of my soda. The two girls looked up at me and I grinned.
   “I’d wait until I could get them somewhere alone without witnesses,” I said.
   “Eep!” Brittany jumped and hunched over. Hannah looked like she was about to run away.
   
“He’s kidding,” Sam said quickly.
“I heard Cassandra say he —” Hannah started to say.
   “Cassandra’s an idiot,” Sam said. “She doesn’t know anything and you shouldn’t be listening to her.”
   “I was kidding,” I said. “Sorry, it’s just you girls act like you’ve never seen a guy before.”
“We’ve seen guys before — you’re not a guy,” Hannah said. I frowned. “I’m not?”
“You’re a warlock,” Brittany said.
Hannah nodded and Sam shrugged and nodded as well.
   “A regular, mundane guy can’t suck us dry and leave us a mummified corpse,” Brittany said.
“What!”
“He’s not going to do that,” Sam said.
“But he could,” Hannah said. “Even if he didn’t mean to.” “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Girls, you’re scaring him —” “He’s scared?” Hannah asked.
   “Nobody’s been drained for, like, two hundred years or something like that,” Sam said.
   Sam’s reassurance did not reassure me, and it looked like it hadn’t reassured Brittany or Hannah either.
   “Nobody’s had a feral at Willowmere in that long, either,” Hannah said, then she flushed and looked at me before lowering her eyes again. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to call you that.”
   She clearly had meant it, but I shrugged it away anyway. It probably wouldn’t be the last time I head a slur thrown my way here.
I looked around.
   The food line was getting shorter and four new girls had joined our table, sitting at the far end like Brittany and Hannah had to start.
I chewed thoughtfully for a minute, then had to ask. “So, are you serious about that draining thing?”
   Sam leaned forward and said more quietly, “Okay, so if a warlock takes too much mana during a harvest, he can completely drain the witch — but that hasn’t happened in a really long time. It usually happened during marking anyway, if the warlock lost control of himself, but the Families have put an end to that. The covens are much better managed now.”
   
   “Because we learned what we were doing and now keep the warlocks under better control,” Hannah said. “No offense.”
   “I don’t plan on draining anybody,” I said, raising my right hand and putting my left over my heart. “No ravishing, no draining. Solemn vow.”
Brittany and Hannah looked at each other and Sam raised an eyebrow. “Really,” I said. “I wouldn’t know how.”
“Which one?” Sam asked.
My roommate had an evil grin on her face.
   “I admit I understand the fundamental concepts of ravishing,” I said, feeling my face heat up, “but draining, I have no idea what that even is.”
Further discussion was paused as I noticed the cafeteria go silent again.
   How do they manage to finish a meal with all the drama? I wondered, looking around to discover that everyone wasn’t staring at me.
   This time the focus was on one of the first tables where a girl stood frozen halfway over the bench with her tray hovering a couple inches over the table. An older blonde girl on the other side of the table glared at her.
   “Little onesie doesn’t know her place,” the blonde girl said loudly enough to carry all through the cafeteria.
   “Crone’s bunions, did no one tell her where we’re supposed to sit?” Brittany whispered.
“I can’t believe her cousin didn’t tell her,” Hannah whispered back. “Well Cassandra is going to give it to her now.”
“Who’s Cassandra?” I asked.
   “The blonde,” Sam said. “The high and mighty priestess-wannabe Cassandra Blake.”
The blonde girl, Cassandra, narrowed her eyes further. “Well, what are you waiting for?” Cassandra asked.
   “I … I don’t know what I did to make you mad, I’m sorry,” the other girl said.
Cassandra raised a hand above the table.
   “Go sit where you belong,” she said, wiggling her fingers at the other girl.
   The girl’s tray leapt out of her hands and everything on it would’ve wound up on her chest if she hadn’t jumped back in time — as it was, the tray, and the girl’s entire dinner, crashed to the floor upside down.
   “Better clean that up little, onesie,” Cassandra said, then picked up her fork and resumed eating. “We don’t want the stench around here anymore.”
   
   And, just like that, everyone in the cafeteria went back to their own food, completely ignoring the girl, who was staring down at the remains of her dinner. She glanced at Cassandra, swallowed hard, and knelt to start trying to scoop the mess back onto her tray.
I frowned. “Isn’t anyone going to help her?”
   “Cassandra will just target anyone who tries,” Sam whispered. “Interrupting her fun just makes her madder.”
I shook my head.
   Bullies just made me mad — I’d hated them since elementary school. Something about this scene irritated me even more, though, and I felt an oddly strong urge to go help the girl. Before I realized it I was moving, spinning my legs over the table’s bench and standing.
“What are you doing?” Sam asked.
   I took my plates and soda off my tray and set them directly on the table. I thought if we had two trays it would be easier for me and the girl to clean up that mess.
   Without answering Sam, I took my tray and walked over to the other table — predictably, the cafeteria got really quiet and I could feel everyone’s eyes on me, but I kept my eyes on the kneeling girl. I didn’t want to raise my gaze and make eye contact with the blonde, Cassandra. That would just either encourage or antagonize her.
   I could still notice, though, that Cassandra had some seriously enviable breasts. Her long blonde hair hung over her shoulders and draped her figure a little until you were close enough to see how the buttons of her blouse were straining.
   I knelt beside the other girl. She had dark hair and was a little taller than Sam, I thought, though it was hard to tell with her crouching on the floor. I caught a glimpse of brown eyes before she quickly ducked her head and stared at the mess on the floor. It was hard to tell what her figure was like, because she was wearing pretty loose and baggy clothes.
   “Hey,” I said quietly, “you hold your tray still and I’ll use this one to scrape things onto it, okay?”
   “A onesie and a feral on their knees cleaning,” Cassandra said. “How appropriate.”
   “Just ignore her,” I whispered, pushing the mess toward her tray. “I’m Noah.”
The girl glanced up at me then back down and her face turned red.
   
“Rachel,” she whispered.
   “Scrub it good, onesie,” Cassandra said. “Service is going to be your life, after all.”
   I took my own advice and ignored her, but Rachel’s shoulders stiffened and I heard what might’ve been a sniffle.
   I clenched my teeth to keep from saying something. It was just so meaninglessly mean — what could this girl have possibly done to warrant that kind of bullying?
   The truth, of course, was that the only reason bullies needed was weakness — they only respected someone stronger.
   And since witches saw their resonants as strength, it kind of made me want to whip my three out. Mel had said trinitaras were so rare that Cassandra almost certainly wasn’t one, so I wondered what she’d say to finding out I was.
   Mel would probably kill me if I disclosed the most important secret she’d told me to keep before the first day of classes even started — so I clenched my teeth harder and turned my attention back to cleaning up Rachel’s spilled food.
   Most of the mess was picked up — there was just a thin layer left on the floor and I saw a woman approaching with a bucket and mop, so I stood up and took Rachel’s elbow to help her stand with her tray full of food and dishes.
“And ferals should just be put down,” Cassandra said.
   I glanced at her. If she’d been a guy, this would be the point where we’d start squaring off. I’d done that with bullies enough times to know the pattern, but I couldn’t very well smack Cassandra. It wouldn’t have the same effect as on a guy, and would probably get me in a load of trouble.
   If I knew more — anything — about magic, I might have tried some of that. I assumed that was how her finger flicking had upended Rachel’s tray, so there seemed to be some magic use allowed between students. Unfortunately I really couldn’t do any magic except the candle-lighting — and I didn’t think setting Cassandra on fire would fall under whatever “acceptable magic use” policy Willowmere had.
   No, Cassandra was trying to show everyone she was top dog by saying mean things so that’s how we’d have to fight her — and, after years of tutelage by Morgan, who could make a bully seriously rethink her life-choices, I had some material to work with there.
   
   They might call me “feral” and whisper behind my back, but I was still the only guy at an all-girls school and there was no way my opinion didn’t matter to them a little bit.
   I turned my back and led Rachel two steps toward the cafeteria serving line and trash cans, before pausing like I’d just noticed something.
I turned back to Cassandra.
   “You know, you’re not nearly good-looking enough to get away with being that nasty.”
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

SAM MADE IT THROUGH THE REST OF DINNER, THE WALK BACK TO THE
dorms, and into our room before she threw herself onto her bed and started laughing hysterically.
   “I … can’t … believe … you said … that … to her …” She managed to get out between giggles.
   “Rachel, you can come in if you want,” I said, “but close the door so nobody hears Giggles here and runs to tell Cassandra she’s being laughed at.”
“In your room?” Rachel asked, eyes wide.
   “Up to you,” I said. “Sam’s here to keep me from ravishing you and it looked like you wanted to say something.”
   After the exchange with Cassandra in the cafeteria, I’d walked with Rachel to the garbage cans to dispose of her tray and then back to the food line. The doors to the serving area were closed, but not locked, so I pushed one open. The staff was already moving trays of leftovers from the steam table and cleaning up, and they glared at us as we entered — but a few seconds later the woman with the mop and bucket came in and whispered to another woman who seemed to be head of the kitchen.
   They were all much friendlier after that, and got Rachel a new tray with a fresh plate of food and two slices of pie.
   “That’s an extra one for you,” the kitchen head said giving me a nod. “Glad to see someone take that witch down a notch.”
   I had to grin at that — it seemed Cassandra hadn’t made any friends with the staff either, and if she treated all the witches with just one
   
resonance as she had Rachel, I couldn’t blame them. I also got the feeling that “witch” was sometimes used as a euphemism for something else.
   Rachel had been quiet all through dinner, but she followed Sam and I back to our room afterward. She was staring at the floor and her face was bright red, making me regret the ravishing comment. Rachel seemed very shy and it didn’t seem fair to embarrass her.
“I — I just wanted to say thank you again,” Rachel said. “No problem,” I answered. “I was glad to help.”
   And I was. I’d probably made a mortal enemy of Cassandra and her little clique, but they just as probably weren’t people I wanted to be friends with anyway. In fact, I kind of liked the onesies — at least Sam, Rachel, Brittany, and Hannah. The rest, four of them, had stayed at the other end of the table. The five of us at our end had a good time getting to know each other, and the three girls I’d first met had quickly gotten over their initial wariness of me — at least most of it. Sam, of course, had none of that and treated me like we’d already been friends for years.
“Did … you … see … her … face?” Sam managed to get out. “No, I didn’t look back at her.”
   “It was fantastic!” Sam cried, gaining a little control of herself. “You hit the nail right on the head with her — she’s made so many mods to her body that she must have issues with how she looks.”
“Mods?”
   “Yeah, she never looked like that when we were at summer camp together,” Sam said. “And it’s not just that she’s older — her nose is smaller, her lips are bigger, that hair color never occurred in nature, and the boobies are definitely enhanced.”
I blinked. “That’s a lot of plastic surgery.”
   For some reason that started Sam off laughing again and I looked at Rachel to see if she could tell me what was so funny.
   “Witches don’t need plastic surgery,” Rachel said, “don’t you know that?”
   I shrugged. “I think I’m gonna get pretty tired telling people here I know nothing.”
Sam laughed some more.
   “Oh, well,” Rachel said, “once we come into our power we can do a lot with our bodies. We don’t get as sick as most people, and we can sort of change our appearance.”
   
   “Wow.” I wondered if I’d be able to do things like that too. “So, she used her power to…” I cupped my hands at my chest in a rough approximation of how I remembered Cassandra’s was.
Rachel flushed red and looked at her shoes.
   “And if you look at her ears,” Sam said, “you’ll see that they’re just a tiny bit pointed — she is so pretentious.”
   I sat on my bed while Sam regained her composure and sat up as well. I gestured for Rachel to come on in and sit down too.
   She came farther into the room, but then hesitated looking between the two beds. We did have desk chairs in the room, but the desks were at the end of each bed with the chairs beyond that, so Rachel bypassed the beds and took one of those.
   We spent about an hour comparing schedules and talking about what we knew about the teachers — most of that was Sam and Rachel, because I didn’t know any of the teachers. Until we started talking about Mel’s class.
“Mel’s really nice,” I said when Sam asked Rachel who Magistra
Blackwood was. “Who?” Sam asked.
“Um, Magistra Blackwood,” I corrected myself. Sam frowned. “You know one of the teachers?”
   I shrugged. “Yeah — um, I know Mel. Not really well, we just met over the summer, but I know her.”
“Mel?”
“Oh, yeah, she told me to call her that, but I’ll try to remember it’s
Magistra Blackwood here.”
   Sam grunted. “Huh. I’ve never heard of the Blackwoods, other than the one, and I thought I knew all the Fam —”
Her eyes grew wide and she stared at me. “Mel what?” she asked.
“Blackwood?”
   “No,” she snarled at me, eyes still wide and starting to bounce up and down on her bed like she’d been plugged into a wall outlet. “Mel is short for what?”
“Oh, Melaina,” I said.
   Sam’s eyes widened even more and she looked at Rachel whose eyes were also wide but had added an open mouth.
“Melaina … Blackwood?” Rachel asked.
   
I nodded. “Yeah —”
“Melaina Seraphina Blackwood?” Sam demanded. I nodded again.
   Sam reached across the space between our beds and grasped my upper arms tightly, shaking me until my teeth clacked together.
“You … know Melaina Seraphina Blackwood?”
   I nodded — which was easy because she already had my head going like a bobblehead.
“What’s she really like?” Rachel asked quickly.
   Apparently, Mel was a big celebrity in witch society and the rest of the evening was the two girls asking me every question they could think of about Mel, not all of which they believed my answers to.
“The Blackwood cooks?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, she’s really good at it. Best food I’ve had in my life.”
   That went on until there was a chime that seemed to come from everywhere at once, and then a voice.
“Lights out in twenty minutes. Twenty minutes until lights out.”
   “What was that?” I asked, jumping because the voice, too, seemed to come from every part of the room. I looked around, but didn’t see any speakers in the ceiling or walls.
   “Lights out,” Sam said as Rachel hopped up, hurriedly said goodbye and rushed for the door. “I’ll change first, but there’s probably only time for one of us to shower tonight — do you want to go now or wait until morning?”
“Ah, morning’s fine. But what the hell was that voice.”
   Sam hopped up and began pulling pajamas out of the drawers under her bed.
   “What?” she asked, giving me an incredulous look as she headed for the bathroom. “The school announcements?”